-1

1. Battery drains too fast with 3G. It doesn't last above 6 hours if you stay connected with 3G.
2. Display and camera quality are not good even wit 8 MP camera. Even the screen size is 5 inch, still its ~294 ppi pixel density which makes poor clarity than its earlier version which is ~326 ppi pixel density
3. Touch is not sensitive. Sometimes requires 2 or 3 touches to do an action
4. Mobile heats like anything. 
Fake Offers & Demands
---------------------------------
I bought 2 nos Moto G 2nd gen on very launch date 6th Sep 2014, 12.05 AM. The prices of covers and cases looks funny (you declared the customers as fools).
I am provided with 50% off on cases & covers. Till now I didnt receive any sign of availing the offer. Called plenty of times with customer care and sent plenty of emails and got some irrelevance or improper response. 
Do you want the customers to wait more than 10 days and run behind you to avail the offer? 
Plenty of fraudulent things under Terms and condition. Saddest thing is it is not visible anywhere when you place the order. 
I promise this would be my last order in flipkart. If you guys keep on treat customers like idiots, soon you will lose them.

1

Placed the order 12:04am (Sep/06/2014)..Received the order 10am (Sep/06/2014)..location - Bangalore...FLIPKART - you guys are stunning and rocking..take my word you guys will be the world leader in the online retailing in no matter of time, if you keep up the way you are doing things and again try to push to the next level..am so proud to say that in India I was able to get hold of a device which was globally announced just one day back..FLIPKART YOU MADE THAT POSSIBLE..please explore more and break all boundaries..
NOW to the product ..the next generation moto g....according to me this is the best device in the market as of now for the amount you are going to pay..I own multiple gadgets and the moment I took this in my hand I knew we are into future (you don't need to shell heavy amounts to get the most stylish powerful devices)..moto.google has made it possible again..first look is pretty impressive, stylish screen, powerful actions, cool looks, definitely lighter than the first moto g, sound reproduction amazing, improved cameras..also the SAR value changes (better :))..I will post a detailed review in few days after playing with it..you can also check the youtube for a quick unboxing video..enjoy guys..when you buy gadgets its always personal choice..so believe in your wise decision..cheers

1

USING PHONE SINCE LAST 4 DAYS
ITS NOT JUST PROS AND CONS , ITS PRO'S, OK'S AND CON'S 
PROS: 
1. GOOD AND FAST PROCESSOR - NO LAG 
2. CALL QUALITY TOP NOTCH WITH NOISE CANCELLING 
3. PURE KITKAT WITH GUARANTEED " L " UPGRADE.  
4. LOW LIGHT PICTURES IN CAMERA EXTEREMLY GOOD. 
5. LAST BUT NOT LEAST - SOLID BUILD QUALITY. 
6. EXPANDABLE MEMORY. 
OK'S 
1.SCREEN PPI AND COLOR VIVIDNESS COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER. 
2. CAMERA NOT THAT TOP NOTCH BUT NOT COMPLAINABLE.-GOOD FOR THIS PRICE RANGE 
3. FRONT SPEAKERS- MANY PEOPLE PRAISE ABOUT THE FRONT SPEAKERS , BUT IT REALLY IS NOT THAT LOUD, THIS IS MY 5 TH PHONE IN 3 YEARS AND SO I CAN EASILY FIND THE DIFFERENCE. 
4. MUSIC AND SOUND OUTPUT QUALITY NOT GREAT BUT OK, EVEN WITH HEADPHONES. 
5. FINGER PRINT MAGNET BACK COVER. 
6. BACK PANEL LITTLE SLIPPERY. 
7. FOR SOME HIGH END GAMES PROCESSOR HAS SOME LAG. 
8. COULD HAVE DONE WITH A BETTER CUSTOMIZED UI , STOCK ANDROID (EVEN THOUGH THE LATEST KITKAT) FEELS VERY CHEAP AND NOTHING SPECIAL. BUT THIS CAN BE OVERCOME BY PURCHASING EVERYTHING ME LAUNCHER OR THEMER APP WHICH IS THE GREATEST IN UI CUSTOMIZATION HOME REPLACEMENT AVAILABLE TODAY IN ANDROID STORE. 
CON'S 
1. THE SCREEN BRIGHTNESS IN IN DEFAULT WITHOUT BRIGHTENING IS TOO TOO LOW , EVEN FOR INDOORS IN A HALF LIT ROOM. 
JUST INCREASE THE BRIGHTNESS BY ONE POINT AND EVERY THING IS FINE. 
2. NO DLNA AND NFC. 
3. NOT A VERY GOOD AUDIO CODEC. 
4. LAST BUT NOT LEAST , BULL SHIT EAR PHONES, COULD HAVE DONE BETTER WITH JBL IN EARS. 
SUGGESTIONS:  
1. COULD HAVE DONE WITH AN MORE GRIPPIER BACK PANEL.  
2. A BETTER HEADPHONES. 
3. COMPLETELY CLOSED FRONT DUAL SPEAKER VALLEYS.
IF YOU KEEP THE PHONE DIRECTLY UNDER A LIGHT AND LOOK AT THE EDGE OF THE SPEAKERS YOU CAN ACTUALLY FIND THE BOTTOM FROM WHERE THE SPEAKER EMERGES, NOW THIS SMALL GAP CAN BE PRONE TO DUST AND SWEAT WHICH CAN GO INSIDE.  
4. USB PLUG-GABLE CHARGING PLUG. 
5.3000 MAH BATTERY.  
THATS IT, FINALLY IT IS A GOOD PHONE,
EVERY THING HAS ITS PROS AND CONS,
WELL YOU CANT EXPECT GALAXY S5 ALPHA FEATURES AND SELL FOR 13 K,
BUT WORLDS FIRST MOBILE PHONE MANUFACTURER AND POWERFULL ANDROID MAKES DEADLY COMBINATION, 
THERE ARE PHONES LIKE KARBONN, ALCATEL, XIAOMI M1 WHICH MAY HAVE DOUBLE SPECS AND SELL AT THE SAME RATE OR SLIGHTLY HIGHER.
BUT CANNOT BE COUNTED FOR ENDURANCE. 
BECAUSE MY 4 YEAR OLD MOTOROLA ATRIX 4G STILL SMOKES SOME OF TODAY'S NEW AND GOOD PHONES FROM TOP MAJOR INTERNATIONAL MANUFACTURERS IN ALMOST EVERY RESPECT. 
HENCE MY OPINION """"" GOOD DEAL """.

1

This is my first Android phone after my iphone, so im still exploring the device. Coming to the delivery, flipkart does a very decent job they delivered the phone on the next day. 
Camera: Does a decent job in indoor and outdoor. 
Voice quality is very good. But i'm worried about only the signal catching. my Samsung and iphone is showing up good signal strength.  
Found one issue after the factory default reset. the keyboard is not working as expected. but after a reboot everything works perfect.  
The wall charging unit provided by Moto is heating like anything. so im using another wall charger.

-1

Below are the problem that I am facing:- 
1. Charger gets headed.
2. Its take around 4 hours to get 100% charged.
3. Battery does not last even 6 hours.
4. Not caching 3G network signal properly.
5. Phone gets headed.
6. Video quality is not good.

1

With Xiaomi phones not made available for general public with their show off flash sales, I decided to purchase the Moto G(2nd gen).
This handset from the time of launch is still readily available on flipkart :) 
I liked the handset look, feel and overall aspects. The Stereo speakers, Camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrades over the previous phones. 
The only con in this phone is the very average battery life. If one is a regular user of the phone for browsing, whatsapp, etc several times a day I feel the battery will drain out in about 8-10 hours.  
Overall very much satisfied with this phone for a price of Rs 12,999/- and one can buy on demand and not wait for your lucky chance every Tuesday.

1

i would say that it is the best phone in between 10k and 13k because i have one .
i am giving this review because of i forced by the moto 2 to do it .Its a gorgeous looking ,very good build quality phone.within in 36 hours flipkart delivered it . My friend have ASUS Zen Phone 5 and i compared all aspects and my reaction is just amazing because in many aspects it beat the Asus like in Camera quality (front specially its front camera is exceptional even my friend's galaxy s5 can't beat it),build quality,look wise ,call quality ,gps, multitasking ,the display of the phone is far better than asus although both have 294 pixel but 
color contrast and brightness in my moto g is far better (he also amaze when we test it).and Last what i Love the most is its dual STEREO SPEAKERS which is at the front produce a clear sound . Its sound quality is exceptional . That's all .Frankly go for the moto g 2 for after sale services also and you got the Kitkat 4.4.4 in it and in Nvember when Android L will come in market you would be the first to get it . Thanks for reading.....

1

First of all I want to say please do not crib about the hardware and the price.do not compare it with chinese phones.When Branded Companies like Samsung,Sony,Lg sell their devices with the same hardware and poor screen quality at a higher price than the Moto G then no one has a issue.But when a Chinese company sells a phone with the same hardware then everyone says Motorola is overpriced.Remember people it was the Moto G that shook the mid tier segment.
Now lets talk about the device and Flipkart.
as usual bang on time in a day delivery by flipkart.phone box was well packed.No issues regarding flipkart service.
Been using this phone for almost a day now.
Pros-
Build quality of the phone is fantastic.
Superb sound from the front dual speakers.
Camera-Motorola has really worked on the camera.the picture clarity has improved by a huge margin.the 8mp camera is way better than the 5mp camera of the Moto G.even the front camera is now better.So full marks to Motorola for improving the camera.
Screen Quality-its a 5 inch 720 IPS LCD screen and as usual the quality of the display panel is very good,viewing angles are good too.color reproduction is also very natural and not over saturated.
Stock Android experience-The phone is running the latest version of Android.i.e.4.4.4.Kitkat.apart from the 2-3 Motorola apps,there is no bloatware.that's the main reason Motorola did not bump up the processor and the Ram.as the hardware can easily work,multi tasking is also smooth on the phone.no lags.
gaming experience is also fun now because of the front dual speakers.
Micro SD expansion upto 32gb another feather added in the cap.
cons-
Motorola could have bumped up the battery capacity upto 2300mah.
The phone could be a bit more sleek.
Overall i would say this phone is here to stay inspite of the stiff competition.
thank you motorola and flipkart for releasing this phone in India so soon.
one small request-please get the Moto 360 watch to India ASAP!!!

1

Moto G = The smartphone which got "Motorola" back on the global map. 
They created history last year and are all set to repeat the same - once again !! 
1stly - Flipkart : you guys rock - super fast service - ordered the phone early morning and got it delivered by afternoon(same day). keep up the good work :) 
Features that needs special mention :
--------------------------------------------------
* Super cool and sleek design. [gave a wow feeling when i opened the box]
* Crisp 5' HD display(720p).
* Camera - 8MP takes pics with good clarity; 2MP - great selfie.
* Speakers - Simply superb - Literally blown away by the Stereo speakers - Awesome !!
* 16 GB internal memory + Micro SD card slot.
* Android 4.4.4 with sure upgrade to "Android L".
* Quad core speed - tried few games like Real racing, Riptide - ran smoothly.  
All these + Motorola + Google = Lethal combo !! / at-least works for me ;-) 
Will post detailed review after a week of extensive usage ;-)

1

Suggestions for new users:
+ Those who receive their new Moto G please remove the protective plastic cover from the screen. The cover is not good and will make your screen look bad and touch feel bad.
+ The battery might take 4-5 days to get adjusted, so please wait for 4-5 days and then use and comment on battery life.
+ Those who are new to android , please install an app named file explorer (fx icon) from google play to access internal memory and sd card. Also, you will need it to send mp3 and other files. Also, you can set your own ringtone by moving files to ringtone folder using fx.
+Join fb group named Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) for more queries. 
Review:
+ Heats very rarely in normal use
+ Nice build quality
+ Pure Android (4.4.4) with google now launcher, no lag observed till now. (ALSO GUARANTEED UPGRADE TO ANDROID LOLLIPOP 5.0)
+ Display quite good (but not as good as old moto g)
+ Front cam much better than old moto g, Rear cam is also better.
+ Battery Life: around 24hrs with mixed usage.
+ Sound is loud and clear (for getting good quality sound from speakers, you have to follow few steps which are available on the fb group, after fb . com, just put /groups/motogxt1068/ and join)
- RAM consumption by Motorola services is more than old moto g, so a bit less free RAM available. Sometimes, during multitasking apps get killed in background due to this.
- Back covers are costly 
Thanks to flipkart, delivered in a day in Pune, even if I didn't use in a day delivery!

1

The phone is everything that they said it would be. Tears ran down my face as i opened the package. 
First off, the charger is a major improvement than what was being shipped with the moto g so kudos on that. (For the unaware the moto g had a three pin euro style charger, the current one is a standard two pin) 
It comes fitted with a screen guard, and includes your headphones. 
The display is beautiful and flawless, and invokes jealousy. You might just lose a few friends over it.
The sound quality: loud and clear. The front speakers are a major plus. My neighbors will tell you of that.
The wifi connectivity is sound. 
One thing that is not mentioned in the description is the moto assist, which is spot on the best pre-loaded thing in the phone. 
Google maps ensure you do not get lost in your backyard and the camera ensures you can tell your friends over whatsapp if you do get lost. 
The matt finish on the back cover makes you want to hold it all day long. Well at least i did.  
the buttons are a bit tight, but i guess it will get better over time. 
So should you buy it?. Yay!
Well yes, unless you came here on a pre-historic animal you will buy it. Well maybe you would buy it more then, but whatever. 
Honestly i would sell myself for such a phone. But the best part HAVE YOU SEEN THE PRICE?
I do not have to. 
As is customary:
Flipkart is awesome. the phone was delivered in 26 hours of release. Though honestly i intended to study. Thanks to Flipkart's epic delivery i am now failing. Way to go Flipkart. Yay! 
Buy it!

0

i used this ph from last 7 days...looks wise and feature wise its very gd...i can use 7-8 apps together but it never lags...but the only drawback is battery...moto g says that the lust for 24hrs..but here i observed that it lust less than 17-18 hrs...in which neither i play any game nor i listening any songs.just surfing net and whtsapp for 2hrs maximum.now what is the main purpose of use a smartph??i thnk for me its only bcoz of internet...so with in 2 hours if the battery goes down,then why should people use this phone??please change the battery configuration immediately..

1

First of all I would like to confirm that You made a right choice if you have bought this phone. 
While decided to buy a new phone i was so confused between the Moto G (2nd Gen) and ASUS ZenFone 5 (16GB). 
After doing a lot of research online i found Asus ZenFone 5 Battery is not good when you use 3G Internet or Play Games. 
So Here I am not going to share the specification of this phone rather i will focus on some hidden features and known issues and their solutions. 
FOR YOUR INFORMATION:
1) This phone support 3g network in only SIM Slot 1.
2) No File Manager installed (You need to download ES File Explorer from Play Store)
3) Simple Stock UI result in Smooth performance.
4) No Lags at all.
5) Guaranteed Android and Security Updates for 18 Months.
6) Battery average (12 Hour Backup with wifi and 3g network on, 1 hour of internet surfing, 30 minutes of gaming, 1 hour of whatsapp, 2 hour of music, some phone calls and 10 minutes of camera use).
7) Fast Startup & ShutDown.
8) Premium Look and Display. 
THINGS TO DO AFTER BUYING THIS PHONE?
1) Go to Settings>>About Phone and tap 5 times on Build number to enable developer mode.
2) Go to Settings>>Developer options and Select runtime: Use ART. This will help you save more ram and longer battery life. Doing this will ask you restart the phone.. it may take some times depends on the number of apps you have installed. (You will not lose any of your apps.)
3) Once ART runtime mode is enabled, again navigate to Settings>>Developer options and UNcheck Don't keep activities.. This will help you if you do multitasking.
Note: Do not use ART runtime if you restart your phone very frequently as everytime it will take time to optimize apps on the startup.
4) Disable System Apps if you don't use them. For me these includes: Drive, Email, Gmail, Google Korean Keyboard, Google Pinyin Input, Google Play Books, Google Play Games, Google Play Movies, Google Play Newsstand, Google+, Maps, Motorola Alert, Motorola Migrate.
Note: You may install K-9 mail as default mail app. i am sure you are gonna love it. Dont forget to disable sync and notifications. 
KNOWN ISSUES AND SOLUTIONS
1) This phone lacks an option for WCDMA ONLY mode. To force stay on 3g network, Download "NETWORK" by "PHILIPP MANGELOW" from play store and select WCDMA ONLY.
2) Notification Bar does not contain quick toggle and it redirects you to the setting menu. To enable quick toggle in notification bar, Download "NOTIFICATION TOGGLE" by "J4VELIN" from Play Store and customize it according to your needs. There is an option for radio toggles too, so if you install this app then you do not need to install NETWORK from play store.
3) If your music sound goes wired on full volume then use 320 KBPS Original Music files only and / or Go to Settings>>Sound>>Audio Effect and Turn it OFF. 
TIPS AND TRICKS
1) Before installing any application, make sure you read all the permission ask by the app developer.
2) Never ever install TrueCaller on your phone because this app sends your contacts to their server and voids the privacy.
3) Always keep Notifications OFF for any app, this will help you save more ram and longer battery backup. You can do it in two ways: (i) Go to particular app>>settings turn all notification off. (ii) Go to Settings>>Apps, select app and UNcheck Show Notifications.
4) Keep your WiFi and Data OFF when you don't need it.
5) Do not install Facebook App and FB Messenger as they will eat more than 110mb of ram. 
WHY MOTO G (2ND GEN) AND WHY NOT ASUS ZENFONE 5 (16GB)
1) OPERATING SYSTEM: Moto G Comes with Android 4.4.4 KitKat and is Upgradable to Android 5.0 Lollipop or later for 1.5 years. ASUS ZenFone 5 comes with Android 4.3 JellyBean and is Upgradable to 4.4.2. An update from ASUS confirms that Lollipop will arrive later in June 2015 but no guarantee.
2) PROCESSOR: Moto G Runs on 1.2 GHZ SnapDragon ARM based Processor, On the other hand ASUS runs on 1.6 GHZ Intel x86 based processor. The point here is most of the (99%)android apps are designed to run on an ARM based cpu.
3) RAM: Moto G has 1 GB of RAM and runs on simple stock android and contains no junkware. ASUS has 2GB of ram in which 800 MB is already used by the heavy UI and preinstalled apps that can not be disabled.
4) UI: ASUS wins in the case of User Interface because its ZEN UI is very very beautiful and user friendly. Moto G has Simple stock UI.
5) GPU: Moto is FAR Better in gaming than the Asus as its contains Aderno GPU. 
FLIPKART SERVICE
Paid Extra 90 Rupees and Get phone after 2 day. POOR SERVICE. 
So friends, if you find this review useful then spread this review so that all the users of Moto G can take advantage.

-1

I ordered this phone as soon as it was launched. Received on 9th September. 
When i started to use phone it shut down automatically.  
Display touch was not working properly. I was not able to receive the call. 
Battery charging time is more than discharging.  
It took 5 hours to charge and on 3 G it lasts for 3 hours only (with screen brightness 25 %). 
Even with the 100% brightness i can not read in bus. 
I am highly disappointed with MOTO G2

-1

Highly disappointed with the way Flipkart.com has treated my replacement request. 
I received this Moto G2 with a faulty lock button. The lock button tends to rock quite too much, and seems to be sinking in more each day. 
There was an issue with the flash constantly remaining on, but that was resolved after the system update. 
There is this new problem that I have observed recently. The speakers crack on high volume. Will be filling a replacement request once again, for this issue now.

-1

Hi, I used more than 11 android device till now and this Moto G next Gen was poorest battery performance under both 2G and 3G network. A fully charged phone was switched off by 2 pm on the same day itself which was pathetic for a normal android phone. usage was very nominal with few mails and few calls with few sms. No multimedia play at all. 
If you looking for better android experience with decent battery backup this is not what is suggest.

-1

The product delivered to me was defective, had functionality issues with the camera and flash. Camera flash was glowing even after closing the camera application and the device was getting hot. Flash was on for few minutes even after powering off the device. The issue found to be reproducing when using the camera with the flash on & automatic.

-1

Hi All, 
I bought MotoG 2nd gen phone from Flipkart and with the invoice i got a fake/false IMEI number. My mobile says an IMEI number which doesnt match the actual invoice. 
I am not sure how to rely on Flipkart anymore. So buyers please be aware of such things. 
Problem, you cannot take your mobile for any service of you can re-sell your mobile because the IMEI doesnt match anymore. 
On complaining with Flipkart customer care, i didnt recive any proper response also.

-1

PEOPLE THINK WISELY BEFORE BUYING THIS PRODUCT,BECAUSE THE BUILD OF THE PHONE IS BELOW STANDARDS AND THE AFTER SALES IS EVEN POOR.MY MOTO G 2ND GEN'S DISPLAY BROKE AFTER FALLING FROM A VERY SHORT DISTANCE BEING Corning Gorilla Glass 3,AND WHEN I TOOK IT TO THE MOTOROLA CERTIFIED SERVICE CENTER THEY TOLD ME THEY HAVE NO INFORMATION REGARDING THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF THE NEW DISPLAY SCREEN.AND THEN I CONTACTED THE MOTOROLA CUSTOMER CARE AND IT HAS BEEN 5 DAYS SINCE I SUBMITTED MY PHONE TO THE SERVICE CENTER BUT THEY HAVE YET NO INFORMATION REGARDING MY ISSUE AND EVERY TIME I CALL, THEY GIVE ME THE SAME ANSWER THAT "YOUR ISSUE HAS BEEN FORWARDED TO THE HIGHER AUTHORITY".I WISH I COULD RATE IT BELOW 1 STAR.

0

I used more Couple of android devices and old Moto G as well, till now and this Moto G next Gen was poorest battery performance under both 2G and 3G network. Battery is getting Discharged 5-6 hours after full charge which is very pathetic ... usage was very nominal with few mails and few calls with few sms. No multimedia/Games play at all. 
If you looking for better android experience with decent battery backup this is not what is suggest. 
otherwise Phone is awesome....no doubts...

-1

I had so many expectations from Moto g 2 but it let me down. They are saying 1 gb ram but only 850 mb ram is there. You can see that in apps. It takes 4 hours to charge then too I have to keep my internet off. Whats a use of smartphone then?? My battery is draining very very fast. It is like I am just using a normal phone and not a smartphone.  
Flipkart - I want the phone replaced asap.

-1

I am having the impression of Moto G which is very good phone but G2 really disappointed me and found few bad experiences. 
1. while in the call, the device is getting over heated (might be battery part)
2. Touch sensitivity is bad and some time it will not work, need to reboot it again.
3. I had bad experience while browsing battery is draining, even phone is fully charged in the morning. 
First time i really disappointed with the flipkart, my self and my friends ordered more than 100 products in the years (80% electronics) all the extremely well except G2. I hope, i may get replace piece.

-1

I have received a Defective piece of Moto G (2nd Gen) from Flipkart. 
The SIM ports are not working for the handset. 
Please don't buy from Flipkart. 
There is no choice for "zero star" in rating, So, I had to put "one star"

-1

The Specification sounds very impressive!!! now its 3rd week, i have started using this phone.I am facing lot of network drop issues and internet connection issues. Initially i thought it might be an issue with the network provider but the same sim is working perfectly fine with my old Samsung android phone and windows lumia in the same location as well. 
The same issue is faced by 3 of my friends who purchased recently. One of my friend is using Dual sim, it is horrible using dual sim in this phone..! Lot of network drop issue in either of the sim. 
Impressive specification does not matter when the basic functionality is not working!!! :(

-1

I ordered this phone for my wife (her first buy on flipkart) and it does not accept touch inputs - She just lost her trust on ordering electronics online, thanks to you!! I hope flipkart delivers a working piece for replacement. 
With two returns till date, my trust on flipkart has started to erode as well. You need to be a lot more careful with quality when you are the only channel for selling a phone!

1

I have bought this phone on launch day and got delivered next day noon. Flipkart takes all credit here.  
Note: I have used this phone for only 24 hours. 
About Phone: 
This Phone comes with 5 inch IPS display with Gorilla glass on top of that. Screen resolutions is perfect and you will feel good when you see it. It is almost like Moto g but bigger screen so that makes even more cool. 
I have been using this Phone without removing the screen cover motorola provide. (I will remove it soon and write about touch sensitivity in my next post).  
Dual Front speakers are extra ordinary and with audio settings, it is as perfect as it gets. Loud, Clear sound you can hear.  
Processor is same as Moto G, so if you have used moto g before then u can skip to next point. Processor is smooth and dint lag a bit till now. I have used browser to test and doing other tasks like running other apps. all is working smooth.  
About camera, i had a very bad experience in the beginning. I taken some pictures without flash it was working fine and i turned on flash from auto, camera was not responding. i had to re boot the phone again. After sometime, i tried taking pics with flash on and it worked (IDK how). I have reported this motorola india. Hopefully they will come up with some update.  
I have made a few phone calls, noise cancelling is excellent. You can hear other person's voice crystal clear. This is excellent for all.  
It has Micro SD card so that is advantage with google gives you option of back ups, so you never run out of memory i feel.  
About battery i have got decent battery juice without charging much. Again advance part of battery in Next post.  
that's all folks for now. Next post will definitely contains all Pros and Cons of the phone.  
Overall experience i fell is if this phone gets an update then it is a perfect buy with good price.

1

Flipkart is rocking. Ordered sharp 12. Got it delivered by 3 PM in normal fare.
Looks are Stunning. More sleek. Improved Speakers in front. Front camera is grt. 
Shall post more review after proper usage in a week. 
Here are my reviews
1. 5 inch easy to handle with Single hand
2. Cameras (Front and Back) and Stereo impressed me
3. Zero Lag. 
4. Brilliant Display
5, OS- Waiting for Android L update
6. Expandable memory - Additional advantage
7. Battery Life is longer than Moto g. 
Finally 2 words "Simply SUPERB"

1

I ordered on 6th midnight and got it by 7th evening and great packing 
after using a few hours I can give a Brief review
Pros: 1 . Awesome display quality and I would say it is as clear as a 1080p Full Hd Display
 2 . Great Camera with Decent quality.
 3 . Very Light in weight
 4 . And the most useful upgrade u can add an Sd Card
Cons:
 1 . I don't know if my piece is defected or it is manufacturing defect after some usage burning or plasticky smell comes from Head Phone Jack
 2 . the battery backup is low and not great as previous Moto G
 3 . and the charger provided with this phone is very weak and takes a bit amount of time to charge the phone.
 4 . There is no upgrade in processor or its clock speed or in RAM 
Hope this will help u Guys and surely it is a good product to buy.

1

Awesome is the one word I would use if someone asks me about the phone. I bought a white one and it looks stunning and the phone has good finish.I have used my friends old Moto G which was much better than my samsung Y duos and the new Moto G feels amazing with its upgrades. 
But the 2nd gen Moto G isn't that good when we compare the screen resolution and picture clarity, with the old one. .
Another major concern is the battery. Moto G with the screen size of 4.5 inch had 2070 mah, which was the one of the drawbacks of the phone. Atleast now they should have used 2500 mah battery for the 5inch new moto G, but they have used the same 2070 mah battery. So I should spend another 1000-1500Rs on a power bank. 
The company should have focused on the internal specs, but the budget remains the same as in the old moto G-Rs12999. So this has overshadowed all the minor cons.  
Asus zenfone 5, Xiaomi Mi3...... may look better than Moto G with its advanced specs but the chinese mobiles wont last long. Also I dont want to buy a chinese product and boost their economy and most importantly, I read in an article that the Xiaomi mobiles aren't secured.
So in the end Moto G is the best pick in the under 15K category even with its limited specs.

1

Bought this last week, everything is perfectly fine, today had an issue, i was not able to hear the other person or hear anything when I make a call, volume was high still I couldnt hear, it was just blank, I switched it off and on and after sometime it worked, has anyone else faced the same issue???? What could be done

-1

Initial review (8th September) - Extremely dissatisfied with this phone. The touch stops working momentarily. Sometimes I'm unable to drag the notification bar down or sometimes Chrome won't register any clicks but is able to scroll pages up and down. Tapping on the URL box won't open it up. Reboot seems the only solution to these issues.  
I've asked for a replacement piece. Lets see how the new phone performs. 
Update (12th September): After calling up flipkart every day for the last 3-4 days and listening to their standard response (we'll give you a callback within 24hrs or the end of the day), I finally got a call from their customer support team, asking me to remove the screen protector and also do a hard reset of the phone by holding the volume down and power key while the phone was powered down. That did get me to the bootloader screen, but I had to read other tutorials on the internet to wipe the data and cache partition from the recovery screen. After the phone enters the Recovery screen, you would need to hold the Volume up key for 10-15 seconds and then tap and release the power key. That'll bring up the wipe menu. 
Anyways, I did all that, and the phone worked perfectly for about half an hour, until I went to the PlayStore App to download Whatsapp, and I couldn't click on the 'Install' button. Tapping it would instead bring up the screenshots beneath the button. Then I tested pulling the notification bar down and lo and behold, it didn't work and was stuck. Tried locking the screen and unlocking, but that didn't solve the issue. It was still stuck and also I couldn't tap on the URL box on Chrome, so clearly it wasn't registering my taps like the way it should. 
Then called up Flipkart CC, recounted my woes again for almost the 6th time, and they finally agreed for a replacement, which is suppose to reach me by 9PM tomorrow. Had they been active and had themselves given me a call and offered a replacement, I wouldn't have had to call them multiple times.  
Now I can't figure out who I'm more disappointed with - Flipkart (for their crappy customer service) or Motorola (for their crappy phone). 
I'll wait for the replacement and see if that performs without any flaws. Not much hope left, as mostly all 1star reviews here are about touch issues. Will update my review accordingly.

-1

I am going to discuss some negative features of this phone
1. If you click 10-12 pictures with or without flash, the display or the back cover will become hot.
2. Battery performance is very bad. I charge 100% in the morning, by 7:00 PM in the evening 7-10% charge is left. That too without browsing any internet application.
3. The head set with this phone is not sized appropriately and does not fit in ear well. You can't use it for more than 5-10 minutes.

0

Hi Folks, 
I bought this phone and I am not satisfied with the phone.Here are the reasons  
Likes:
1.Screen resolution and size is up to mark
2.Performance is also very good
3.Cam clarity is Excellent
4.Sound experience is superb. 
Dislikes: 
1.The battery backup is not at all upto mark.
2.While I am charging my phone touch is not working properly.
3.I can't understand what to do the phone without USB cable.
4.My phone color is black and I got white colored headset.It looks awkward whn I wear headset.
5.Even Charger color also white.
6.

-1

Bakwass Battery Back up . The Battery Back Up Of this phone is worst . You must carry charger of the phone with you every time. It Sucks

-1

Call quality is really poor.And there is an annoying beep sound all the time when i attend my calls or listen to music.Phone is getting heated up if am using phone for more than 1/2 hr.I cant even use my phone for attending or receiving calls.This phone is not even providing the basic functionality of calling.Also there is heating issue if am using the camera continuously.

1

Pros :- 
1. Stereo Speaker (Not Loud but descent Sound in music)
2. 5 Inch usable size is 4.7 or 4.8 (Point 0.2 Inc is home back button shows)
3. Expandable SD card with 32 GB Internal Memory. Use Class 10 Memory card
4. Latest Android
5. Well Design and accurate Delivery by flip kart 
6. Headphone sound was average. and headphone color is white in Black color mobile
8. Charging time 3-4 hours (0% to 100% usable condition)
9. Working good and run smooth application.
10. HD Recording is good and camera is effective on dark room (no light) at 3.5 meter only and picture is good on Mobile flash light. 
Cons:-
1. Battery is less 2070 Mah. Only 12 hours runs after that charging is required.
2. Headphone wired is not too good.
3. Slow charging ( as i think)
4. File Manager not found on 4.4.4 kitkat (may be removed from Google Android OS) 
Note :- 100% charging after that talking time 90 miniutes, 20 Camera pic shoot, and 10 minutes video on 23 hours, 3G On, and 12 hours wifi used and 300 MB Data Download (software updation and install) after that battery shows 40 % remaining. 
Above Pros and Cons only on used this phone on 30 hours.

-1

There was no data cable provided along with the box , have to buy separately. While using 3g , it gets frozen and its not updating . Everytime you restart the phone all the app icons on the phone screen which is installed from the sd card will not show up . So you have to do it one more time manually.

-1

I ordered Moto G on the 29th of October. I was pleasantly surprised to receive it on the 30th of October with normal shipping. Full marks for the buying experience.
The performance was acceptable and all was well for 45 days. 
A chance drop of the phone from my shirt pocket on Dec 15 shattered the display glass.
The phone was working fine and just the 'gorilla' glass was cracked. 
Easy replacement? No chance.
A call to to the Motorola Call Center yielded a 7k Quote for complete display replacement.
7k to replace the glass(as far as I am concerned) on a 13k phone? 
I have decided to throw the phone and get another one (Not Moto). 
Why? coz im sure the glass will break the next time the phone drops and I cant afford to be shelling out 7k every other month 
The kicker is that Motorola offers a free one-time screen replacement for all phones ordered directly from its website. In India, the phone is sold exclusively through flipkart which effectively rules out the screen replacement offer. Talk about step motherly treatment.
So here's me saying Hi and Goodbye to the only Moto product I will ever own.

1

I have been using the motog2 version for over a month now..
I would give a review on the following points 
Display-Fairly good and no distortion in pixels observed even when the phone is held up close to the eye.it is also water resistant and with gorilla glass 3 no effect of scratches or drops i dropped it twice accidently bt nthng happened :) 
Battery backup-fairly good although it would last longer as the android l update would add juice to it.could have been better though. 
Multitasking-Good, can open a lot of apps on background although some heavy duty apps like asphalt 8 were observed to crash or restart which are common though.frankly I have not found a phone with zero app crashes. dont know if 2gb ram would have been better. 
Memory-This is where it kills everybody 16gb of storage with expandable storage of 32gb and an otg feature is a super memory u can carry around anywhere. 
Camera-shoots good photos,hdr, panorama, has a timer as well shoots 720p videos and slow motion videos as well and not 1080p as some other ppl mentioned. 
Software-pretty much stock android with no file explorer but u can always install third party apps which work seamlessly and the most important feature is that it will receive android l update any time soon which is a great feature as it comes with enhanced battery power and material design.plays 720p videos normally and can play 1080p with help of apps like mx player 
Sound-headphones are bad go for other headphones which give superior sound performance on the phone like sony or sennheiser i bought the later and sound quality on the motog2 dual stereo speakers is also loud so u can easily watch videos listen to songs and set loud alarms in the morning :)  
Overall-good phone good price established brand name go for it.

0

It Seems that during call the person on opposite side can hear my
voice but I cant hear him, this problem is since i have bought the
phone, 
I thought this is an ordinary problem but it's not, It happens many
times, The call doesn't work unless and until I restarts the phone,

-1

i have purchase Moto G (2nd Gen) from Flipkart on 6th Sep-2014, within one month of purchase I am facing battery issues, after every hour charging is required, the charger is not working from day 1 , for that flipkart has given a credit of Rs 450/-, but the cost of original charger is Rs 750/- + 
i am not at all satisfied with this purchase, want the handset to be replace either by company or flipkart. 
regards
neeraj

1

Those who have purchased this phone during offer period have rights to know the winners of cashback. Flipkart should put the list on site as well as mail the same to each buyer. Not satisfied by flipkart policy.

-1

I got this phone yesterday. Phone seems to be good.
But the Charger heats up within 5 mins. I am afraid it might explode! 
Is anyone else facing the same issue? 
What did you guys to for that? Did Flipkart replace the charger?

-1

Just received the delivery at 1pm and for my unpleasant surprise the touch screen is not working. Looking forward to an replacement. Wonder my first buy on Flipkart is going to cost me alot of efforts :(. If any suggestion please comment

1

Expert Review:
--> Guys any one looking for pure Android Experience in budget on you hands go for this product.
-->Moto released with pure stock android up date version Kitkat 4.4.4 which feels like dipping your figure in water while operating it and for sure moto will update with Android L.
--> Battery(2070mh) performance is good if it is mixed use. 22hrs guaranty.
--> with brilliant 5 inch IPS display which produce very high quality images and vides with 720P.
--> 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Processor which allows you for multitasking.
But Compared with MI3 only Android ex presence is good while Mi3 covered with it's own UI.
Concussion: If your are really looking for pure Android Experience with latest updates go for this product. 
If this review helped you click like button thank you.

-1

Already requested for new piece but flipkart 2days ago i.e. on 8th sept 2014 as it is not reading or detecting the micro-sim, sim is working fine on other phones but not on this. flipkart didnt responded till now i.e. 11th september 2014 .. no email no calls .. hope to get a replacement & then will be able to do justice with the review .. i used it without sim for an hour .. phone is perfect in the price range .. similar to moto g ... with larger screen,better camera & expandable memory .. screen brightness & pixel density has dropped .. rest is a ditto copy of moto g .. i wish flipkart replaces my handset soon ... 
for now - 2stars 
Verdict - Thumbs up but (this time flipkart disappointed so Be Ware)

-1

While charging the battery, phone gets very warm making it impossible to talk putting on ear. Also though its brand new battery drains very fast. Need to charge twice a day. Performance also seems to be slow compared to old Moto G.

-1

Ordered Moto G (2nd Gen) from flipkart and this is what i get now:
1. Camera never started.
2. Screen resolution too weak.
3. Battery drains like flush. 
Wont order again.!!!! This was 1st and last mistake!!

1

Its crazy... Ordered at midnight 12.15 am. And received Moto G 2. At 9.30 AM same day. 
Wow i just got up and told my wife I purchased in the night mobile for her and its there . Wow.... Flipkart you made my day. thank you

-1

First time I baught a mobile online n its really frustrating experince.
Sim slot is not worikng n when I asked abt replacement or warreny, moto srvice person is saying that sim slot is not undr warreny.
then how they r saying ki 1 yr warrenty n 6 months warrenty, usless words. 
pls dont buy this phone or any moto product.

-1

worst battery backup ever , takes more than 5 hours to fully charge even after full charge the battery drains very very fast. this 2014 moto g has serious heating issues even 5 min of browsing or using navigation the phone gets heated up like iron box, i initially thought its only my phone that is having a problem , but i checked with two of my friends who also bought the moto g 2014 they too faced the same heating and battery issue, moto G 2014 is a failure from motorola, if u dont believe me ask some one who have used the phone before buying. i recommend not to buy moto g 2014 model.

-1

I previously had hands on experience on MOTO G and was planning to buy the phone...phne works very smooth and with great performance....some how in 5-6 months i saved 14000 rs for phone and when planning to buy the phone was out of stock. :( 
After that i waited for about 5-6 days and MOTO G 2 was launched on 6 sept. i ordered it at 12.07 am and get it today...phone looks good both front and back camera iare awesome..although of 5 inch screen..phones handfeel is very great. BUt unfortunately the sim slot of this phone is not working properly...there is some manufacturing defect...I had waited for this phone for 5 months and then 2 still unavle to use it....very much disappointed by flipkart to deliver this kind of product. Why me ?? :( 
I requested for return and again have to wait for a week....what kind of service is this ??

-1

I received my mobile in yesterday night. Mobile was amazing. But I want to clarify the certain things. In google, we have an option to find the mobile model with IMEI number. 
Step 1: Go to google and type How to check IMEI number.
Step 2: In your mobile please type *#06# to get the 15 numbers IMEI dipalyed on your screen.
Step 3: Please insert the 15 digit IMEI number in google page.
Step 4: If the mobile belongs to Moto G means its shows the appropriate the moto G model pictures, but If I put the IMEI number its shows the Samsung Galaxy S III alternatively. 
Friends pls tell me is this product was original Moto G or its duplicate china model. Pla advice

-1

JUST RECEIVED THE SET. ON OPENING THE BOX I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE WHITE COLORED HEAD-SET & WHITE CHARGES WITH BLACK COLOR MOBILE SET. THESE SIMPLY DO NOT GO WITH EACH OTHER, LOOK AS IF BORROWED FROM SOME OTHER PHONE. ASKED FLIPKART TO REPLACE THE HEAD-SET & CHARGER WITH BLACK ONE OR CHANGE THE MOBILE SET WITH WHITE ONE BUT WAS REFUSED. SO DO NOT BUY..... DO NOT BUY.... 
WILL GET BACK WITH OTHER PROS & CONS AFTER USE...

-1

I ordered this phone Moto G 2nd Gen and within 20 days of the delivery, the screen broke. The phone had fallen from about one foot and that too on a thin cotton carpet and the screen broke. I thought this is Corning Gorilla Glass 3 display. When I took it to the service center they asked for Rs 6500/- for the change of display since the screen breaking is not covered in the warranty. That is fine but the Corning Gorilla Glass 3 screen breaking with one foot fall and that too on a carpet is not understood. It just means they are just claiming it to be Corning Gorilla Glass 3 to fool the crowd since there is no method of checking the same for the buyers. 
I have another phone from Moto in the family ie. a Moto E which didn't even fall and there is a very minor crack in the screen. This phone was with my wife who is very careful with her items but the screen cracked automatically. 
I thought the cell phone was cheap but now I have landed up paying Rs 19500/- total and at this rate could;d have got much better phone. I feel cheated.  
Ashok

0

Only con of this phone is its Battery... its draining like hell.. just getting 5-6 hours battery back up... either u r using 3g or 2g network battery will drain very fast.. n if u r playing games.. listening music.. battery will drain in just 4-5 hours.. that means u hve to sit near charging point every now n then..
Pros of Moto G2
its camera is perfect.. good images can be taken in light.. hdr support is best.. flash helps greatly in low light..
games can be played smoothly thanx to its snapdragon quad core processor but u vl notice 1 or 2 lags in high graphics games..
storage of d phone is just vast.. vaaaaaaast... 16gb uuuhooo.. n support or sd card is a bonus..
screen size is perfect..
body of the phone is good.. makes u feel that u r holding a branded phone.. but if u vl see d back shell.. its lyk a garbage.. moto e back shell is far far better than moto g2..
those people who r refering my review to purchase this phn.. I'll only say that.. go for it but u hve to compromise on battery back up.. which is a blunder committed by the motorola..

0

Purchased 2 Moto G gen 2 phones 4 days back...Initially I was very excited...but The main problem with(both my phones) is that Battery drains out very fast even if you use it moderately i.e 1 day max with wi-fi or 3G with 1hr usage. If I use it only for wi-fi then it takes 2.5 hrs to drain battery. Another problem is the charger...it takes 3.5-4 hrs to charge the battery. once the battery is at 30-25% then need to charge it other wise it takes very long time to charge. I don't expect this from a Moto (google) phone. Hope everyone is facing the same issue.
Other than the battery issue overall phone is nice.

-1

Very bad experience with my new phone and flipkart
Battery Draining so fast, phone getting heated up quickly.Battery does not last even 4 hours. After a full 100% recharge, the phone battery keeps draining itself. The battery just lasts for 4 hours top using net,social media apps and music. Also the charger heats up a lot during charging. People have written reviews saying that their phone battery has lasted up to a whole day if not more using everything. Is my phone faulty. The phone is really good for its price and i would like to have it. Is a replacement possible??

1

I am very delighted with functioning of the Moto G 2 set there is no doubt about it.Its very budgeted phone with lot of features.But one thing i have not satisfied with its screen guard which we will get during purchase of set. Its not up to the mark, quality is pethetic.

1

I bought it for my Dad as he wanted a 5incher. Used it for a day or so & was pleasantly surprised. Although a 1.2Ghz quad core, the phone was smooth (google has done wonders on the kitkat) & it even played heavy-duty games quite well. BTW, I am using a LG G2, which was one of the best phones in the market last year. 4k video suffered but ordinary 1080p played well. The best thing I liked is the way it fitted into my hand, beautiful contour. For the price, it is a great deal.

-1

I have received a faulty Moto G on 13th Sep. I requested for exchange on the next day itself. Till now you people have not exchanged the mobile. You people are simply calling me and telling to install some app for testing and not doing anything. You people are telling the server is not working or some other thing. I dont understand this process. I am telling you that the piece is defective and please exhange the phone but you people are not believing me. First exchange the phone and take back the defective phone to your phone and do whatever you want. I am really frustrated. If you people dont exchange the phone within 2 days, I know how to go further. I will tell all my friends, family and other people about my bad experience through Whatsapp, Facebook, Twitter, in your website review.I am unable to use the phone even after 10 days. I want the new phone thats it.

1

I am going to list only issue noticed with this phone. 
1. Gorilla glass : It's picking up scratches!!!!! After 2 weeks of usage, I am seeing hairline scratches.Better to have screen guard or flip cover. 
2. Average battery life. That's usual with android OS which has mediocre power management. On Normal usage ( 1 hr phone call, 45 mins songs, facebook, mail check) back up provided is 36 hrs. Have seen people complaining about battery backup. one sugggestion is to try apps like "Battery doctor" to optimize battery usage. There are lot of unwanted process which will be running that drains battery so fast. 
3. Charger provided is below standard.. its heating up itself and the phone while charging, so I stopped using that. When it comes to ear-bud, it's not worth talking about. 
4. Sometimes, camera flash light stays on even after closing camera app (am talking about graceful exit). Have noticed this issue only once. Then ,restarted the phone, flash light stayed for few seconds after reboot, then turned off. 
5.Screen picks up finger impression and dust.. its horrible.. 
6.While listening music, if u receive a call, after attending and hanging up the call, the songs resume with low volume. when u check volume status , volume bar shows full !!!!. expected behaviour is to resume the songs with previous known volum lelvel. Moving to next track resumes to last known volume %.... ugly software. 
But there are lot of +ve about this phone which other reviewers pointed out.  
Somehow, I feel this phone is very delicate.. Need to handle with care..

0

This phone boasts of having full stereo speakers, but in vain. Too much variation while talking, speaker not good at all....hissing, disturbance, etc. Otherwise seems to be a good phone!!

1

Trying to be honest here
Delivery :
It tooks 6 hours for my phone to reach chennai from bengaluru and 1.5 days to reach me who lives in chennai :P. Seriously are these guys wantedly extending the delivery time because i didn't opt for next day delivery?.
Build Quality :
This phone has a great build quality. Even though its back cover is removable you can mistake it for an unibody design. It feels very good to hold the phone and the smooth rubbery back is awesome. Its does not provide a great grip at the same time its not slippery.
Display :
Its really a big phone. This is the 1st time am using a 720p phone and for my eyes the display looks crisp and clear. I don't speak about viewing angles and all. Duh there is only one view in which you are going to use your phone :P. Outdoor visibility will definitely take a blow. There is no pixellation and all. Reaching the top of the screen is fairly easy thanks to the dimple on the back and the back cover material. Apply android L wallpaper on your phone and you are going to see a nexus 5 in your hand :).
Speakers :
Nothing much to say here. These are just speakers which are in front and thats all. You can be free of worries that you are not going to miss any calls even if the phone lies over a pillow or a bed. Ringtone, alarm and audio in games are fairly loud. But while playing music it is not that impressive. I tried with different music players but the volume is less only. But i don't use speakers to hear songs as i have a good pair of ear phones. Audio quality from ear phones is flawless.
Battery life :
From the time jelly bean came out battery life in android is a huge miss only and that continues still now. I read somewhere that a good smartphone should last for about 12 hours and if that is the case then this is a good smartphone. Don't expect anything more. And yeah just like others say it takes more time to charge the phone. From 20% it took a solid 2 hours to reach 80%. 
Performance :
Mark this up. Even after 2 years you will get the same silky smooth performance in this phone. Every thing is buttery smooth and lag free. You can check gaming reviews in youtube to get some idea.
Camera :
Generally i don't use the camera that much so it won't to be fair for me to speak about the camera. Good to know my phone has an 8MP shooter :D.
Things that impressed me :
1. Build quality
2. Stock android experience
3. Call clarity(quality)
4. The price i paid for this experience
Things that made me worry :
Apart from that network issue nothing else is there for me. Am happy with my phone.
Updates(After 3 days of usage) :
The network drop issue what i had mentioned earlier is solely my bad. The guy who had cut my sim did not insert it properly. It is a click to insert and remove mechanism. After inserting the sim fully till i got the click i did not face any issue with calls. 
Outdoor visibility is fair. If you get any calls or receive a text you will be able to clearly see and read the content. You can even reply without any issues. But reading a full length article is a big no no. 
I had mentioned that volume from the speakers while playing songs was low. I tried 3 players Rocket, Poweramp and Google Play Music. Out of these 3 poweramp gives the same loud experience you get during calls or when your alarm is ringing. You can enjoy the speaker quality with poweramp. Try to use fusion player also and check.

1

First of all, great service from Flipkart who delivered 2 days before the estimated date. The package arrived in the best condition with the manufacturer's seal intact. I am waiting for the accessories to be available so that I can buy some of them. 
Anyways, before I talk about the phone, let me tell you where I come from. I have been a steady fan of Nokia Symbian phones and have been extremely skeptical of Android and the phones they come in. I have been using a Nokia 5800 for many years and then I had tried the Sony Xperia Mini for some time and I didn't like it(very low battery performance and too buggy android). So, I had moved back to Nokia Symbian by buying the Nokia 808 Pureview and had been using it for the last couple of years. So, finally after hearing so much good info about Motorola phones as well as the new Android versions, I decided to give it a try and since google owns Motorola now(although temporarily), and since the technical specs to price ratio is insanely on the good side for consumers, I bought this new Moto-G.  
First impressions. This phone is big with a big screen. My earlier 808 was of size 4-inch and for some strange reason I expected the Moto-G to be not different by this much. Anyways, this size is the maximum I can handle for a phone, at-least based on my palm size. People with bigger hands will find this more comfortable to use. The 720p display looks good. I have seen Sony's much hyped Triluminous Bravia powered display when I saw the Xperia Z Ultra at a store. The Moto-G's screen appears to be just as good, especially when you crank up the brightness. Everything is perfectly clear and sharp and unless I look at it closely with a lens, I would say this phone's display is as good as apple's retina display. The touch response is very quick with latency thats almost as low as the iOS devices(try playing drum apps in both and you'll see what I mean). 
The body of the phone appears to be well built and sturdy unlike the previous android phone that I owned(same price) and one thing to note here is that the whole body is dust and finger-print resistant. Motorola claims to have the gorilla glass 3 with this phone. Looks like thats good too (Accidently put the phone in my pocket with my car keys and not a single dent or scratch) :) The battery appears to last as Motorola claims, unlike what I heard with the first generation Moto-Gs. I hope its not because this is the early days since purchase :) 
Performance. There is a big surprise here for me atleast. The data transfer between your external micro-SD card and the internal memory happens at 20MB/s. I saw this when I tried copying my music from my micro-SD card to the internal memory so as to format the card using the phone. The stock android doesn't come with a file manager in this phone. So, I use this 3rd party file manager called ES File Explorer. The quad-core CPU appears to be great giving no lags on HD video playback and gaming. Although I wouldn't recommend trying to run big uncompressed HD videos as it can't handle it. For gaming, I tried running NFS hot Pursuit and it worked great. Works exactly as how it does in my iPad. Android Kitkat is way better in terms of performance than Jelly Bean or ICS and that transcends complemented by the quad-core CPU. 
So, to conclude, the 2nd Gen Moto-G is the best phone you can ever get for that price in the market. No other phone in that price range is even close. So, its a must buy for anyone who is looking for a decent android based smart-phone. I mean, based on what I see here, one has to be almost crazy to go for the high-end models from leading manufacturers that are priced atleast 4-5 times the price of this phone. It really shows how cheap the technology really is and how most manufacturers are overcharging for their products.

1

I got it yesterday, and it was as expected. The screen is crisp, touch is sensitive and phone is snappy. I was using Samsung Quattro before this, and Moto G felt a lot lighter in hand. 
The display is great in sunlight also, I did not have to adjust the brightness in my car. Samsung almost gone black in daylight.  
Regarding the screensize, the full screen view is available only on youtube video and Kindle book reading mode, as far I get to check. So the extra screen size is not usable in normal usage. As Samsung has hardware buttons which are extra to screen, so the actual display area is same as in 4.7 inch screen on Samsung or other hardware button android devices. 
The camera is great. The front and back camera is giving satisfactory pictures in low light also. Battery is average, you will need to charge once a day at normal usage. 
Memory it has almost 12GB for user storage. The RAM it is showing only 300 MB FREE and in total only 850MB. Do not know where that 150MB went. 
Overall a great device at this price, buy it if you want the best Android phone in 13000.

1

I was already a fan of MOTO G since last year, the only reason for not picking was lack of expandable memory.. With this 2nd Generation Launch I must say Motorola has launched a monster which would eat away the charm of ANY other phone!  
With 5 inches display it looks really classy.. Looks better than any phone I see around :)  
Camera is awesome even for dim lights, good battery, very smooth in operation due to 1gb RAM and quad core processor, excellent graphics and above all extremely sleek and handy! 
There are already huge praises all over the website, I would just mention one thing, ppl please open your eyes and buy a phone which values your money.. I don't understand why they have a doubt and say its Motorola I am looking for something in Samsung!! Please!! Same configuration in Samsung would cost you just double and all Samsung phones look alike!! and moreover FYI - Motorola is the oldest company to launch mobiles!  
Motorola Powered by Google is the BEST combination anytime with unbelievable price..
I was not expecting 2nd gen to be this low at price! Hats off!!  
Also, If you have been delivered a defected piece you can get it replaced instead of talking ill over websites.. even Xperia Z1 was replaced by me 2 months back, that doesn't mean its a bad phone! Its just an electronic device, there are chances of manufacturing faults, check properly when you get, use it extensively for a week, analyze it and get it replaced!! 
Just close your eyes and buy it.. you will love it!!

1

I like this smartphone very much it is really impressive 
but there are some cons:  
1. Headphones supplied are of low quality.
2. Charger does not come with detachable USB cable 
and lastly delivery is very superfast
flipkart guys ur rocking!!!!!!!!!!!!!

1

hey guys 
 i received the phone today,first impressions are pretty good.good sound quality, good screen quality.the phone does pretty well in the performance.Overall the phone is awesome

1

I Bought Moto g on the the first sale day and in just 24 hours i received the product.
Thanks to Flipkart. 
Now coming to Moto g . 
1. 5 inch HD 720p Display which is just awsome . and you cannot see any pixelation while using the phone. 
2. Dual Stereo Speakers - which is fairly loud and quality of sound is very good. you will definitely love to watch movies on Moto G. 
3. SD card slot - Although you get around 12-13GB internal storage. But also you can increase your Memory by inserting the micro SD card. 
 ***Also You can Move Apps to SD CARD***  
4. Camera - The 8MP camera is Fairly good. 
5. Battery Life is also very good - I played Modern Combat for around 1 hour and the percentage drop was just 6%. 
This phone is just Amazing Please buy if you want a premium phone at affordable price.
Also There is Guranteed update to Android L .

-1

Its been a week since I am using the moto G 2nd gen and below are my observations which are really concerning.
1. The full caller image is not displayed while incoming call, only half image is displayed.
2. There is "click" sound when ever you exit the camera app.
3. The phone icon in the header bar is not displayed during outgoing call.
4. In play music, shuffle does not work while a song is being played.
5. It is difficult to play the audio files downloaded from whats app. We have to keep on tapping the file until it starts to play.

1

First of all : I am reviewing a replacement device and Flipkart did a good job on delivering both.
Pros : 
1. 5" Screen offers a great viewing experience, colors are bright and brightness is very good. 
2. The dual front speakers are not very loud but get's the job done very well.
3. Micro SD is a nice add on atleast in the Indian market.
4. The latest and the greatest android, also the promise to get the fastest update.
5. Price : A thousand buck less than its predecessor , Motorola nailed it.
6. Availability : Unlike some of the other affordable offerings Motorola has been great in availability. A device is great when you can actually buy it.
7. Build Quality is in similar lines with the previous generation, which by every means is great. 
Cons :  
1. WIFI Issues : The fact that wifi is latest here, is great but there is a catch. It happens it does not support some access points/router authentication types which generally other devices does. This was why I replaced it in the first place. But in the replacement device the problems were same, then I did some digging, the fact it is 802.11 b/g/n/ac compatible but the authentication type it is compatible is very limited, i.e. WEP(bit encryption m not sure), WPA/WPA2 (this worked for me). and 802.1X Radius. That's it. If your router has some other it will not detect it even.  
2. Size : This may not be a problem for some but yes this thing has grown up huge since its predecessor. 
3. Battery : 2070 mah used to power 4.5, same is used to power 5.0 , the math is simple here, with not a good outcome. 
4. Buttons : This time buttons have a soft touch feel to it. I am not sure about how it feels but the response of the click is certainly not tactile as it had previously.  
Overall, Cons other than wifi issues should not have been here considering what we get and what we pay.  
Recommended : 8/10

1

It's a good device. Only concern about warranty. The Manual says 90 days but flipkat says 6 months for accessories. Need to check this with Flipkart Customer Service.

1

I purchased this phone on launch day itself have been using it since. I have been very satisfied with the phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good spec phone in this price range.  
Sound quality is awesome. I played something from gaana.com and it almost felt like the song is playing from my laptop :) 
Display is good and touch screen works really well. Swipes are smooth and app launches are fast. 
It has 8 MP primary and 2 PM secondary camera and am fairly happy with the cameras, however nothing exceptional about the photos. I believe with 8MP, my samsung S3 took better pics. 
Don't think much and go ahead to get a premium type phone in budget price.

0

I have been using it for about 5 days now..  
Pros:
1. 5 inch display 
2. Dual sim 
3. 16gb internal memory + expandable 32gb 
4. Android kitkat 4.4.4 with a promised update for Android L
5. Improved 8mp camera 
6. No lags till date, thanks to quad core  
Cons:
1. Display is not crisp, it just looks like a stretched out screen of previous moto g with a lower pixel density. 
2. Battery drains out very fast (lasted for about 5hr 20 min for extensive usage including wifi, gaming and talking) 
3. Phone gets heated up very fast within 45 and can't hold it longer in your hands. 
4. The moto g UI is not that great.. Customization has very little options. 
5. Camera is ok ok during day. Low light snaps are poor. 
6. Headset is of poor quality. 
7. Charger doesn't have a usb detachable cable.  
My experience with the phone is not great.  
My suggestion would be to think twice before buying.

-1

IT SUCKS, LISTENING VOICE IS NOT GOOD, IT SOUNDS LIKE VOICE CRACKING, DISPLAY DRAINS OUT BATTERY VERY QUICKLY

0

Hi,
I was thinking of buying a LG G pro2. But my laptop crashed owing to motherboard problem. Next day I see this ad in newspaper about Moto G second generation with bigger 5 inch screen and six vouchers , on launch day with rs 3000 off on laptops and lucky first 100 buyers of moto g to get 100 percent cash back. I pressed the buy button.
 Moto G arrives next day sharp by 3.00 afternoon from WS retail-a flipkart company (safe to buy from they as they offer 30 day replacement on gadets as against 10 day of other vendors on flipkart and 7 days on snapdeal).
The Phone in white with 5 inch screen looked beautiful , even though was packed very simple with no accessory except charger.
I did not use phone initially for three days as also have s4 and had another sim which was big and could not fit in moto g.
Any how got two sims put in moto g and am using moto g for 3 days now here are observations.
PROS :
1.Budget 5 inch hd phone under rs 13000 with good looking white colour compared average s4 samsung black looks
2.Motorola has increased the screen size,and little on battery from 1900 t 2070 mah
3.The phone with 1 gb does not hangs , so far , my s4 with 2gb does hangs and quite smooth to use in that budget compared to other phones in expensive category.
4.DUAL Sim is a big advantage for business class people or who want to use two sims but carry one phone. I do not find many quad core decent brand phones with same dual sim featue in this budget.
5. This moto g set now has expandable memory slot to 32 gb, welcome step.
6.The latest version of android 4.4 on phone will get upgraded to next version immediately. 
Now the CONS :
1. Motorola has not increased the battery strenth. A meagre 2070 mah is not sufficient to run phone entire day , if you plan to use dual sim, internet on phone, couple of prints from phone directly,whats app, The battery sadly lasts half a day only even when I have not listened to any music or clicked any picture. any 5 inch phone should have at least 2600 mah battery or no point in buying a phone unless you are okay to charge your phone twice a day. It is here where motorola looses out big time for not giving comparable battery for a 5 inch phone.
2. The processor remains the same as on old moto g but though that does not reduces speed to a great length , but avid gamers (I am not a gamer at all) will like faster processors here.
3. The call reception is okay. But sound quality from receiver is not as great as on a samsung set.It is at acceptable or satisfactory level but not great as on my s4. 
Overall a great buy for dual sim functionality , great looks and functionality at budget but big let down on battery. Hence my three stars

-1

when i used this phone more than 5 hours then it creating problems like icons automatically open or close , touch also become less responsive , sometimes unwanted sound occur from upper speaker .I THINK THIS PROBLEM IS ONLY IN MY DEVICE .

-1

Bought this phone the first day it came out and received on 10th Sept. Love the camera, the music,the speed,touch among other things. The battery life is a whole another story. After a full 100% recharge, the phone battery keeps draining itself. The battery just lasts for 3-5 hours top using net,social media apps and music. I had to sign out of all social media apps and switch off the net to save battery but then what is the use of a smart phone. It's very frustrating. Also the charger heats up a lot during charging. People have written reviews saying that their phone battery has lasted up to a whole day if not more using everything. Is my phone faulty. The phone is really good for its price and i would like to have it. Is a replacement possible?? Please get back to me ASAP

-1

The audio quality if very poor, not sure if the speakers are too much for this phone, but when you dial a number the ringing tone or the voice of the other person is so distorted and most of the time you are trying to adjust the volume to get an optimum quality....which never happens.  
I am returning it for replacement to see if its just an issue with my phone.

-1

Iam using motoG and bought moto g 2nd generation for my friend. 
Battery back up was worst and phone is hanging. 
MOTO g 1st generation is awesome.  
Moto g 2 nd generation is worse and never think Motorola will give such worst thing. 
I applied for return policy to flipkart. 
Lets see..

1

When moto g 1st gen was launched, i was really excited. I thought God finally answered my prayers by intoducing a budget smart phone with all the excellent features i wanted, which no other phone could beat. But then came the dampener, when i looked at the storage feature: Moto g had only 12.9 GB of storage, which will never be enough for my huge music collection. So i was really dissappointed. 
Last Friday, when the moto g 2nd gen was launched, i was extremely happy! Finally i got my moto g with a memory card slot! This is now one of my most prized posessions! 
The moto g 2 is really awesome! Some of the Pros and Cons that I found are listed below. 
Pros:
- Big 5" screen.
- Quad core procesor
- micro sd card support.
- 12.9 GB of internal memory, would be more than enough for all the apps.
- 8 MP rear and 2 MP front camera.
- Latest Android and guaranteed upgrade to L
- Light, handy, rugged and beautiful look, it will be everybody's eye candy!
- Gorilla Glass protects the phone from scratches.
- flash support and secondary camera
- 3G support on both sims 
Cons:
- micro sim (It was difficult to get a micro sim, so I had to take the risk and cut the mini sim in a local mobile store.
- Non-removable battery
- 1 GB RAM ( moto could have increased it to atleast 1.5 GB) but it does't affect the performance.
- Battery backup not so impressive. It gives average battery life. But The Android L OS is expected to increase the battery backup, so keep your fingers crossed!
- FM radio not playable through the speakers: 
I have seen many users complaing that the FM radio cannot be payed on the loud speakers. 
Here's a solution to play FM radio via speakers:
Download the app HF button from the Play store and voila! your problem's solved! 
Cheers! 
- Raghav

1

Before going to review, let me add this that i am a Moto-G(first generation) user also, so i can clearly distinguish both mobiles.  
Motorola now came up with brand new Moto-G(2nd generation) mobiles ,keeping all its stack features available and adding few new features that will enhance its market. It looks Moto Market Strategy worked, as it provides high end enhanced features with mid range costs,making mid end & lower end customers to enjoy the high end stuff. 
Lets go through Pros & Cons. 
Pros:
1) Increasing in size of screen, but still the make the design as portable within single hand.
2)Front end speakers, i am here to assure that double speakers at front end will provides a A-class audio clarity, that not even we seen in high end mobiles.
3) Rear Camera is of 8 MP and provides descent snaps(Even blurred image is occupying 1.5MB,shows the quality) and front cam is 2MP,which is also worth while.
4) provided with SD card option--Expandable upto 32GB.
5)Performance wise no issue, i had few graphic based games installed and tried to play simultaneously, i didn't find any lags & hangs.
6) Smooth touch & nice display intensity.
7) Few enhanced features in KitKat 4.4.4 itself(find difference in setting wallpaper by on screen and widgets are entirely separated from apps inside menu etc..) And all these enhanced features are taken from Android-L for impatience users.
8) Ensured with Android-L update.
9) Nice battery standby. 
cons: 
Here, it is pretty hard to find cons, since manufacturer is providing best as per "features vs price" graph.
1) Pixel density is slightly reduced in 2nd generation, but it is hardly observed to naked eye. (first generation users can identify it as they are accustomed to high pixel density). For new Moto customers its like a feast since other mobiles are not even providing 294ppi display(Samsung Grand/Grand 2 runs on 224ppi & HTCexplorer series on 252ppi) .
2) Larger Icons on display i.e no option to change the icon size.(few websites are saying that it is a stack Android-L feature,but not sure).
3) Battery will drain a bit quicker on 3G network. 
Verdict: High End features to Mid range customers. No lags & hangs moreover Android-L upgrade. Nice camera & descent display. That all a common customer expects and Moto delivered it successfully. Motorola+Google combo is going to rock Indian market again via flipkart.

-1

I bought this product from flipcart, got it delivered on 10th and to my disappointment, i found the contacts in Sim1 slot to be protruding out, preventing SIM card. Raised a replacement request, called couple of times, all they say is wait until their tech team calls :(

-1

hi frns , i have one doubt this phone back side paste in "china" name sticker mention so this is china phone"a pls clear my doubt ,and head phone also ,moto g wich made.....

1

I never expect this kind of features in this budgets . nice design Thanks for motg 2nd Generation

1

Ordered the product within few minutes of launch. 
Received the product on very next day (Sunday) 
Please to see that Motorola is offering some more features at lesser price (compared to 2013 model)
Bigger screen (Crisp pictures)
Dual speakers
8 MP camera
Slimmer profile. 
Yes there are some other product available in market with same specs and at lesser price, but somehow Motorola seems reliable

1

Great phone for the price. 
Only cons are:
1. Headphones supplied are of low quality.
2. Charger does not come with detachable USB cable.
3. Average battery life.

1

chennai..got it in 24 hours..nice job by flipkart..i have been following this phone in internet for a while and after all searches decided to go for it on the launch day itself..now let me share my hands on experience about the phone 
Looks nice, stylish and branded
Display bright and non pixelate for its size though the speaker on either end occupies display space ..icon appear big trying to change it somehow
Light weight and fits in your palm and pocket well
good performance, no lag with gaming, nice and smooth UI
1 GB is it enough? everytime i download an app i have a doubt in my mind..as of now its ok..no lag
two micro sim slot..supports micro SD 32 gb.. 
good battery performance..did gaming and wifi it hangs on..
Camera and video are fine..love the slow motion video recording...picture quality is ok..am i expecting more from 8 MP?
moto migrate it is not working for me :(
OTG supported..always wanted one in my phone
Stereo audio good clarity
Fm - no recording option
Dont compare it with redmi ..redmi no service, no brand value, and horrible shopping experience
12000 would have been a good value for money considering the fact that i have to buy flip cover ( accessories not available in local market)
people who want to upgrade their small, midrange, local brand smartphones just close your eyes and go for it
college students can wait for mi4 just for show off
People in remote places from city consider service centre options
Overall,
Good Value for money..just go for it..you wouldnot regret

-1

I have buy Moto G (2nd Gen) before 8 - 10 days for Android Application testing propose in our company but Mobile not working very well & many time hang without install apps. 
Also Flipkart can't give any kind of response or any proper suggestion for short-out this badly products.

-1

No battery backup.. it drains with in 4 to 5 hours
voice is not clear...lot of disturbance 
it was the worst phone which i have seen..

-1

Guys this would be my last review in this online portal. its because of the pathetic service from the site. i bought this mobile which was not deliverd on time and also the charger in the mobile wasnt working from the day one itslef. i contacted the CS for the issue and also sent the mail. i got the replay as with in 2 to 4 business days rep will contact me. i couldnt tolerate this much time to get the detail of the issue. again i called CS and complained , rep told me that if he raise a ticket it will take 5 business day to process. so we wants me to raise by my own in the site. 
right now am sitting with my dead phone, without any hope . Thanks for the service u renderd to me flipkart

0

pro
1.Excellent Screen
2.Fast and smooth Graphics
3.Expandable memory 
Cons
1.Very Very poor battery life last less then 4 hrs with normal usage
2.non removable battery
3.call quality is not good some sort of distortion of voice.

1

Must say its totally value for money.The screen touch seems to be better,great on performance,2nd Gen G feels lighter on weight,slimmer design and has a smooth User Interface.Its good that the 2nd Gen moto G has a Micro SD slot option included which was missing out in the older G.Overall the device feels premium and the price point for a 16GB variant is a take away.

-1

I am using this phone for past 2 months. I am facing lot of issues 
1. Loss of signal - The cell signal seems to drop randomly and it never fetches again .We need to restart the device. Most horrible thing is we wont know when it is dropping.Once it is dropped then we will be Not Reachable i.e no one can call us.
2. Turn on problems - Even if you click on the power button it does not turn on, acts like switched off mobile. The solution provided in moto site is plug it in charger and hold on Volume down key and the Power key for more than two minutes.They said they will resolve it soon.
3. Camera Flash light - Sometimes the flashlight doesn't turn off even after taking photo we need to restart the device. 
I think most of my friends are facing these issues.Anyway there is no other option to wait till moto gives an update to these issues.

1

worst phone screen breaks from fall of 1 feet google yourself not gorilla glass as claimed replacement cost 7000/- worst after sales support simply dont buy any motorola phones. check the reviews on the internet about this phone and see how irritated people like me are about its performance this company should be banned for lying and cheating customers.the screen is replaced for 1900 at some places and 7000 at some places motorola has no control over its service centers as they are 3rd party.i request flipkart to stop selling this phone

-1

Totally upset as received the faulty device. Got to know just after half an hour that the speaker on phone does not work at all and also while on call after removing the Headphones the sound is lost and have to reconnect the call by dialing again. Also there is a buzzing sound on call and the quality doesn't seem to be good.  
Logged a Complaint with Flipkart to replace the device immediately, as i purchased it to gift someone.  
Hopefully Flipkart replace it immediately and make me a Happy Customer.

1

HELLO EVERYONE..
Well Folks, I'm not here to tell you all the specs of the phone or something like that...Everybody knows about the 5 inch screen, Stereo speakers, RAM, camera etc etc...
What I want to share is the real experience of the phone. There are quite a lot of myths about the device and I might be able to help the confused lot..! 
1. First of all..Many people think that this phone has the same back cover problem which was there in the Moto E, because the design process is the same on the two. Well, that is not the case. The back cover fits perfectly..so no issues with that.. :) 
2. People also do think that the BATTERY backup is not as good as the original Moto G. Well, yes up to some extent it IS true, considering the 5 inch display and the same size battery but its not horrific..It still lasts for about a day with mixed usage (like casual gaming, music for an hour or 2 and some surfing). Note that if you are a really heavy user..it would last up to 4.5-5 hours (with Wi-fi, mobile data of course and movies, heavy gaming etc) 
3. The STEREO SPEAKERS...yes those are true stereo speakers! We do have a Left channel and a Right channel, but they are by no means GREAT speakers...there is a bit of distortion, specially at loud volumes. Its good for gaming, Youtube videos, movies etc..but when it comes to pure music...the Pro's would not be that happy with it..Although, for average users like me, it is a nice experience. 
4. GAMERS..!! This point is for you.. Well, this device certainly can play almost any game in the Playstore without any issues.. BUT it would be nice if you set game graphics to medium. Like for example Asphalt 8..it runs much better when you set the game on Medium settings of graphics. No issues otherwise.. 
5. CAMERA...Well , yes I mentioned earlier that I am not going to talk about specs..but I cant help.. The front camera (2 megapixel) is exceptionally good..believe me..It does a lot better than front cameras of other phones..and surprisingly the rear camera too performs better than expected. Moreover, in low lighting it does even better than Moto X..yes that;s true..Picture colours, saturation and low lighting images better than Moto X..! 
All other factors like Call quality, Signal strengths, connectivity, everything is upto the mark..No need to mention that.
Well, all things considered..the performance of this phone is exceptional for this price bracket. This phone is for everyone..Gamers, music lovers(not the pro's), office workers..whoever you are..it piece of beauty is all you need..!! Cheers..! :)

1

The successor to the 2013 stunner is more of a incremental update, nothing more than that. The fact that I call it incremental is because they have increased the screen size (which decreases the pixel density) , upgraded the cameras from 5 and 1.3 to 8 and 2mp respectively, added the sd card slot and yes of course it ships with Kitkat 4.4.4. The fact that motorola could have used an upgraded processor Snapdragon 410 instead of 400 and bumped up the ram to 2gb which is possible ( see Asus Zenfone 5 for example) and still havent used it takes one star away from it.
Now as per my review I have used this device for a week now and have probably tested every aspect of it. As usual we'll have pros and cons as it has been ritualised in flipkart reviews :P
PROS
1. Screen, the 720p screen streched over 5 inches, never lets you feel that the pixel density has suffered, in my view though it is an IPS display with Corning gorilla glass 3 on it but it looks and feels just like an AMOLED. Colours are bright and display fares well when viewed in direct sunlight.
2. Software, Kitkat 4.4.4 out of the box provides an experiences just like stock android and actually it is stock android with google now launcher and a few of motorola's apps which are usable especailly the migrate app which helps you in transferring your data from your older phone, and yes since it's stock android you'll get the lollipop 5.0 update weeks after nexus devices get it.
3. Call quality, Motorola made the first mobile phone in the world , so it would not be an overstatement to say that call quality is amazing and havent dropped a single call or had problem in sound clarity over the last week or so, both the speakers work well while calling.
4. Design, some may argue with this but the design is also one of its pros and the overall feel doesnt make you feel that it is a sub 15k phone, well done motorola with the curved design.
5. SD card support, since you get only 12 gb internal storage adding a SD card support has certainly helped moto g overcome a big drawback from last year, it allows you to expand upto 32 gb alongwith which is decent.
6. Performance, overall a strong contender for your daily driver as it offers fluid and smooth performance to breeze through all your social needs and youtube as well as some serious games.
CONS
1. Battery, even with moderate to low usage this phone struggles to keep pace and avg battery time would be around 8 hrs with low usage and 5-6 with moderate usage with screen brightness set at auto.
2. Inconsistent Front Firing speakers, you expect the speakers to be loud, but at times they are too loud and the other its like someone whispering something in your ears. 
3. Headset, The one provided within the box are of cheap quality, and it will definitely hurt your ears if you use it to watch a movie or so.
4. It takes time to charge the battery up even though its just 2070 mah
5. Ram, 1 GB in my view isnt enough when Asus can accomodate 2GB ram in the similar price tag then moto should have atleast bumped up the ram. Since I tested almost every app and game you can to determine phone's strength while testing fifa 14, nfs most wanted , gta san andreas the absence of sufficient amount of ram was felt. But for daily usage without heavy duty tasks this phone is smooth as butter though lags due to heavy duty apps.
6. Camera, though the primary camera shoots slomo videos at 720p(without audio) the cameras just make you feel you are holding a budget phone. Lack of 1080p video recording even though the chipset supports it, inconsistent photos sometimes over saturated and sometimes under saturated, even the HDR mode provides lacklusture photos as compared to my SE Xperia Pro (2011 made) the camera just gives up.
VERDICT
The phone looks and feels like a premium phone and is pocket friendly and gives you the performance you expect from a phone in this price tag, lags a bit when installed lots of apps but will surely sail you through all your daily requirements. In the end YES it's a bang for buck device. GO FOR IT!

0

battery performance is below satisfactory level.camera,clarity of screen are excellent.overall style is good. but how to work with a weak battery? must improve

-1

Had ordered moto G (2nd gen) on the big billion day.
Received the product after 1n half weeks.
Just after using the mobile for 2 weeks, its display is gone.
Have made a return request.
Its been 4 days after the complaint is made, but neither any call from tech support team has come or neither any assurance of the replacement has been confirmed.
Whenever calling the customer care service , they say that I will be receiving a call tomorrow...
Is the 30 day replacement warranty is just for vague?
Not accepted this treatment from a reputed online site like Flipkart.
Very dissatisfied with flipkart service.
Would suggest others to refrain from buying any electronic item from flipkart.

1

My first review here on flipkart. Its been more than a month since I purchased the new moto g and the time is just right to pen down my thoughts about it after spending almost every hour with this beauty for a month. First and foremost, kudos to the Flipkart team for delivering it ahead of schedule. When it comes to the device itself, let me tell you it currently is the undisputed king of the mid range tier of smartphones. I dont think any other OEM has a device on the market that offers a phone with a snapdragon 400, 1 gig of RAM and a promise of timely updated for less than 15K. Im excluding the likes of phones with those stupid mediatek crap and the ones with intel (asus zenfone) as im still skeptical about those phones when it comes to the performance, developer support and so on. I also exclude xiaomi because xiaomi phones are still hard to get and you have to rely on third party sites like ebay, olx etc to buy one and there are chances of many being fake. Beware! Ill put down some pros and cons.
Please read them (you can thank me later) ;). 
Pros: 
Build: The phone has a very good build quality. Has an easily removable back panel which has a rubberized matte finish to it. The phone is slim and feels good to hold. You get the feeling of holding a premium phone. The power and volume button are very responsive though they feel a bit wobbly. 
Performance: I couldnt have been happier. The phone is extremely snappy. One of the advantages of running stock, clean android without any gimmicky junk that other OEMs add. Backed by a powerful mid-range processor the snapdragon 400 and 1 gig of RAM, this should suffice for everyday needs with occasional gaming. I tried playing dead trigger 2, which runs smooth 90% of the times and asphalt 8, which I felt it was laggy. But a couple of other reviews showed asphalt 8 running smoothly. 
Call quality: I dont tend to get too many voice calls but I am more than satisfied with what the phone offers as I dont have to repeat what I have said to the person on the other end and I can also hear the other person clearly.. 
Storage: The new moto g comes with 16 gigs of storage and now comes with the ability to expand it via a micro sd card upto 32 gigs. Out of 16 gigs you get about 12-13 gigs of usable space. So I think all your storage needs are covered. 
Battery life: Battery life is subjective and depends from person to person. The new moto g has the same battery as that of its predecessor. A non user replaceable 2070 mAh battery. Im a bit surprised that they havent bumped up the battery in proportion to the screen size. But nevertheless im able to squeeze out 7-8 hours of battery on an average with about 2-2.5 hrs of screen on time. 
Display: The new moto g comes with a 5 inch HD (1280X720P) display. One thing that catches my attention is the incredibly thin bezels. Viewing angles are good, colour reproduction is decent. Watching movies and videos are a pleasure. The phone played almost any video I threw at it. Including a heavily encoded 1080p movie. Though you need to install a 3rd party video app called MX player from google play store. 
Sound: The new moto g comes with dual front facing stereo speakers and man I must say its a pleasure to hear something play via the speakers. Though not like boom sound of HTC, I must say im more than happy with what motorola is offering. No problems with the ringer as well 
Cons: 
Camera: I think motorola have compromised on the camera, I have no qualms about colour reproductivity, contrast and so on. But the camera struggles to focus many times, very evident when you take close ups. I am coming from the nokia lumia 720 and I am already missing the fantastic camera that it had. The flash is also a disappointment, it doesnt light up the entire frame, the light tends to fade towards the corners of the frame. 
Connectivity: The moto g comes with almost every connectivity option including bluetooth and wifi but alas! no NFC. NFC hasnt really picked up in India yet but its a matter of time before it does. I dont think many of you would think of this as a con but IMO this is some form of a compromise and I feel its a con. 
So thats it guys. Hope you liked this honest review. Give me a thumbs up if you liked this review. Cheers!

1

I have ordered one MOTO G 2nd gen phone and got one defective product.Its earpiece was not working, but within 2 days i got the good one. I appreciate the flipkart's customer support and expecting the same in future. The phone is awesome and i will update the experience later.

-1

overall performance of mobile is very good....but main issue is battery life.....It took 4-5 hours to charge and it discharge like china mobiles...it gives only 4-5 hours backup....if i use wifi for 1 hour then arround 20 % battery is discharge....totally disappointed from moto.

-1

After 10 days got the delivery on 16th Oct.
Phone was lying in Kolkata Mother hub for 4 days and was not being delivered and Customer care was not able to do anything about it until I complained on Flipkart facebook page.
Now got a defective piece. Music playback stops suddenly, skips tracks, stops and resumes after some time. tried with multiple apps and headsets. even happening without a headset when playing on speaker. tried playing from internal memory and external micro sd card. Now Flipkart is again delaying the resolution.  
Worst Online Shopping Experience Ever!!

0

Only Cons:-
Very Bad bad Battery backup.
Charging takes more than 3 hours.
Not good for playing heavy Graphical Games.
Cheap Headphones.

1

The Moto G (2nd Gen) really well built quality phone. You will love the moment you unbox it. The Andoid 4.4.4 KitKat is the heart of the phone and beats really smooth butter smooth no chance for the lag at all here. Some reviews say its faster than the current world's fastest android phone (Samsung S5) in some aspects. You can blindly go for it without second thought. 
I give 4 stars only because the box does not come with a data cable, which is really required for the USB charging other than the file transfer.

0

I bought it on 6th Oct From the day 1 I was noticing a noise while talking through the earpiece. Even you stop a video and place your phone near ear there is a strange sound coming from the above speaker. I thought this might be an issue with my handset so I replaced it with new one but the issue is still there in the new phone. Those who have Moto G 2nd Gen check for the issue in your device. I think it's due to design flaw or a faulty batch.

0

I bought this in big sales day...but today i faced some problem during calls...not able to hear the voice from other side....let me check it one or two day...

1

Hi,
 Sometimes, when i called someone, i can't hear anything from the phone even i can't hear ringtone. So i need to restart the phone for every time when this problem occurs. 
Thanks
Sundar

-1

Nice phone to use internet, playing heavy games.
Puchaged my phone on 12 september through cod option. Everything, every app was and is running good no problem at all. I am a teacher therefore requires most basic fuction of phone that is calling. In the set which i receieved is defective. Frequent voice level chages on its own. Not at all able to talk clearly to even flipkart customer care. When contacted to flipkart help the person adviced me to change sim. But my point was and is that if same damm sim working perfectly in moto e ( yes moto e puchaged from flipkart only) but is the problen witj it when connected with moto g2. The person told me that i find funny was, he said that moto e cost 6999 and this one 12999 and specifications are differnt. Ultimatly i changed my sim(also number) but problem persists. I claimed fir refund and obeiously it was rejected. Well done flipkart and the seller. Keep it up and best of luck

-1

Bought this phone last week and had some isuue in in typing. Space touch was not working perfectly while typing message so i placed the returned request. And the worst thing that replacement mobile i got used one and it has multiple scratch on mobile. 
For mobile, i will it is good phone as i played many big game no lags, great display and camera is also good. Camera is also ok but not so great in night. 
Flipkart now agree to replace my another mobile also, Hoping this time i will recive good one.

1

After using Moto G 2014 for the past week my personal opinion are as follows
1. The phone's display is one of its best asset. Its big and has good colour reproduction and the image quality is best for the price.
2. The Camera takes more than decent pics.Front camera has better details for selfies Enough details and good colours for casual photography
3. Video's are good with enough detail though 1080p would make customers more happy( Anyway shooting high quality videos isn't much of a necessity for most people, the default 720p is good enough for your casual functions)
4. Google now is flawless and phone catches your commands good enough.
5. Even though the phone has the same S400 chipset the performance is good enough with snappy performance for casual usage. High end and intensive gamers may be satisfied with screen size and performance but the phone would get heated soon.
6. The default headset is of good quality but its not in-ear and the design awkward. Better buy JBL in-ear headsets than stock
7. Charger is ok but it gets heated up and cools itself later so dont worry about it.
8. Use official micro sim rather than using a trimmed sim. My trimmed sim had connectivity issues
9. A guaranteed L update and a active development community support makes it a better option than most micromaxx, karbon phones (I personally dont prefer the indian branded china sets but its your wish)
10. The phone has 16GB internal out of which 11-12GB is usable and apps can be moved to SD too. Didn't check OTG.
 So thats all about my experience with this wonderful budget smartphone. The Phone provides nexus performance and experience at a lower cost. Doesn't has fancy things, but doesn't upsets you much. Its the best ans sensible choice for a casual user on a normal budget

-1

Mr. Flipkart are you taking care of customers ? I doubt so why simply mislead people into buying damaged products ? I gave an order of Moto G 2nd generation worth Rs. 12999. 
1) First time I got a set which was getting over heated and had a scratch and had black dots on the screen.
2) Second in the replacement I got a set which had a scratch visible in the front and had network issues.
 then I got fed up and got refund into my wallet and 
3) For the 3rd time placed a fresh order and again got a damaged set with the back cover not shut properly. I am just frustrated to finally come up and write a review, we got more important works rather to do this. Listen Flipkart this is not just the way to treat your customers. Try to make them satisfied rather disappoint them.

1

This is Sujit Sahu from BBSR, this is my first smart phone , i had always dreamed about a smart phone like this. 
I like the graphics and video clarity and device performance of this phone. 
Thanks Flipkart to make my Purchase so special.
Looking forward to more support from Flipkart.

1

Nicely packed & delivered on time.
And really nice experience using Moto G2 even I do have Nexus 5 which is almost double price but still Moto G2 rocks  
Great phone with exceptional features & best price

1

Friends, I am totally satisfied with this wonderful beast. Moto G (2nd Gen) is an excellent phone. One of the greatest bombs designed by my beloved Motorola gonna explode and repel samchung a.k.a Crapsung. I am amazed to see how can a company bring vividity to such an extent that it seems like I am using a device equipped with an amoled display. I think Motorola did proper SWOT Analysis before launching Moto G 2nd Generation, that is why there are no shortcomings. Let discuss its pros and cons. 
Pros:-
1) I have never seen such vividness in an ips lcd display.
2) Colours are well saturated.
3) Other phones have dedicated app storage but there is no such partition for apps in internal memory, that means you can fully use the internal storage for apps installation i.e 12GB.
4) This mobile supports microsd slot. That means you can expand its memory as per your need.
5) I never thought that an android device would be able to stand against my Nokia N8 in terms of sound quality. Being an Audiophile I always try to use the device that can meet my expectations. And believe me it has passed the test by a huge margin. 
6) Dual front speakers give you pleasant experience when you listen or watch any song in landscape mode.
7) Camera is excellent although not as good as my Nokia N8 but you will definately enjoy its camera quality. Although front camera is only 2mp still it is better than any other 5mp camera of companies like mmx.
8) Built quality is awesome, I'd say it is close to that of Nokia's built quality.
9) Corning's Gorilla Glass 3 makes the screen durable, although I didn't perform a drop test but I tried it scratching with knife, screw driver etc. but didn't able to scratch it.
10) Battery is decent, atleast I am satisfied with its performance.
11) No matter you are playing a hd game or a basic game, it won't heat-up a bit. 
12) Touch is very smooth. 
13) I have played almost every game on it and it was smooth all over thanks to its powerful cpu and gpu i.e Snapdragon 400 and Adreno 305. 
Cons: 
1) Stock earphones are not good, but it doesn't matter I use Sennheiser CX-180.
2) Charger is weak, it takes almost 3 hours to fully charge. But I use Digiflip 6600 mAH power bank to charge it, as it takes only 1.5 hours to charge my moto.
3) Pure Android UI is not so user friendly. But still I like it. 
That's all for now. You can rely on my review. Unbiasness Guaranteed :)

1

Everything is already mentioned, its really a good buy...i just wanted to know from u'll who have purchased the product that does it require a Screen Guard since the screen is gorilla glass 3 which meant to be scratch proof?????
Awaiting for ur replies..... 
Thanks in advance,
Prathamesh.

1

I have been using the Moto G 2nd Gen for about a week now which, I believe, puts me in a good position to review the phone and talk about my overall experience with it.  
Buying Experience: 
The buying experience was smooth and hassle free. I ordered the phone minutes after it was launched and the site (Flipkart) didn't crash and had thankfully anticipated the demand enough that the phone didn't sell out within minutes! The delivery was done 2 days BEFORE the promised date so all in all, a great job by Flipkart!  
First Impressions: 
Unbox and you see this slab of glass, simple, sleek and beautiful! Hold the phone and the first thing you realize is that the phone has a very premium hand feel! The build quality is top notch and the design is simple, just how it should be! The sides have a piano black finish which does make the phone a little slippery while holding it. You also notice that the phone is quite big but holding it is comfortable thanks to that curved back and the matte finish of the back panel. The back is plastic but in no way does it feel cheap. You know you've got something that is worth the money that you paid for it!  
Pros: 
 - If there was one feature that shines on the Moto G 2nd Gen, it has to be those front firing stereo speakers! I was blown away by the clarity of those little things! Definitely the best speakers I've heard on any phone!
 - The 5 inch display is great! For watching videos or reading e-books, it seems to be just right. 
 - The 8 mp camera is decent. Does what it is told. The camera interface is also surprisingly simple. I am yet to try the camera in different light settings but indoor shots till now have been good enough. The video recording is 720p and can also be done in slow motion. You will enjoy making slow motion videos on the phone! You can also take photos WHILE recording the video. Something that I wasn't expecting to be honest!
 - The phone is dual sim, very very useful for people who are always traveling between two cities! The call quality is crisp, noise cancellation is good. 
 - External storage via a microSD card is a major plus that the original Moto G lacked. Along with an SD card slot, the phone also gets USB OTG. So external pendrives can also be connected via an OTG cable. Very handy to carry all your data at all times.
 - The battery lasts me 18 hours with normal usage, 2G internet, auto sync enabled and the screen brightness at 50%. If you use the 'battery saver' mode, the phone easily lasts a day on charge. No complaints there. 
 - The OS is the vanilla Android and it is slick with no lags whatsoever. The animations and transitions are smooth, multitasking is a breeze. The phone never seems to struggle even when playing graphics intensive games. Thanks to the stock Android, the phone will be one of the first phones to get the updates. That is a big plus!
 - The Moto G 2nd Gen supports the "Ok Google" hot-word from any screen. Basically, once enabled, you can say "Ok Google" no matter what you are doing on the phone and Google search immediately comes up asking you what needs to be done. Very nifty and neat!
 - The phone has a water resistant coating inside out. Full marks to Motorola!.  
Cons: 
 - The phone charger! The phone charger is of a low output (550 mA) and because of that, charging the Moto takes a lot of time.
 - Non removable battery. This can be a deal breaker for some people however I don't think much of it.
 - No data cable in the retail box. You need to buy that separately if you don't already own one.
 - The earphones that come out of the box are average in their audio output. People who take their music seriously will have to buy new earphones. 
 - No external camera button, something I miss coming from the Lumia family of phones.
 - While not entirely a problem, operating the phone with one hand is usually not possible thanks to its increased size.  
Competition: 
In the mid level segment, the Moto G 2nd Gen reigns supreme! According to me, it is the best value for money phone in the market. Yes, the Chinese and Indian competitors are offering phones with bumped up specs at lesser price but none can match the Moto in terms of brand value and build quality. Add to that the offering of stock Android with a guaranteed update to Android L and the Moto G 2nd Gen becomes a very good deal!  
A special mention of the Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini, a phone that offers almost the same specifications as the Moto G 2nd Gen BUT costs twice as much! What was Samsung thinking? 
The Moto G 2nd Gen is everything that its predecessor was and then some more! The original Moto G was a brilliant device and the 2nd Gen continues that legacy. 
If you are in the market on a budget, looking for a no nonsense phone, the Moto G 2nd Gen is your best bet!

0

Phone looks impressive
Have nice GUI
Has heating problem while playing games
Battery not so promising 
Overall an average phone

1

phone is good and we can use rough no problem in this phone.
gaming is also good,only camera quality is not so good.

1

Been using this phone for over a day now
Pros: 
1)Brilliant display
2)Awesome camera
3)Smooth Performance
4)Great value for money
5)Feels really good in your hand
6)Motorola Migrate got the phone ready to roll in 5 minutes from my old samsung.
7)SD card slot (upto 32 gb)
8) Even with a 5 inch screen, it isnt too big to handle. Just the right size. 
Cons: I'll be nitpicking here coz there aren't many. :P 
1)The front panel is both left right and top bottom symmetric and this happened to me more than 5 times in the last 24 hours: Phone lying on a surface face up. Picks it up and presses where the power button should be only to find it missing. Then realises that i'm holding the phone upside down. When I wanted to switch from landscape to portrait orientation and i flip the phone 90 degrees and display doesnt change. Took me a while to realise that I was again holding it upside down. This takes a bit getting used to. The only indication in the front panel is the front camera (which you may not notice if your phone is black)
2)No USB cable supplied. 
PROS >>> CONS :- MUST BUY

-1

I ordered this mobile with "In a day guarantee:
It didnt even reach me after 42 hrs.I did not even get message that the shipment was delayed.
Even being in a metropolitan city they take more than 42 hours to deliver a shipment.
i wonder how they got 1 billion dollar funding.
Stop advertising and promising things you cant deliver.
Pathetic logistic service. I even wonder if those reviews were written by people working for flipkart.

-1

I ordered this phone on 9th or sept and received this phone on 11th sept. When I opened the box and turned ON the phone I found its touch was not working. I cant understand how can so called worldwide recognized company like Motorola can deliver a product without minimum QA. 
Its 2nd time I shopped from Flipkart and this time again I was disappointed 1st time they have delivered me wrong product and this time they have send me faulty/unusable product.I dont know If I'll be able to convince myself to buy again from Flipkart.

-1

poor service customer care for returning the product purchase moto g 2 nd genn sim 1 slot is not working they said to take it away and get corrected but this is not uptill yet done poor servce by flipkart

1

I have purchased both the versions of the Moto G on launch day. My previous phone was the Motorola Defy Plus bought 2 years ago. I bought the first gen phone for my wife. I got this for myself. Here's my views on the various aspects
Form Factor: I prefer the form factor of the 1st gen Moto G as its easier to use single handed and more pocket friendly. 
Display: The display of the 1st gen Moto G is brighter, has better sunlight legibility and has more saturated colours. The 2nd gen Moto G display is not as good as the 1st gen one. 
Storage: The 2nd gen Moto G is better due to the microSD card slot. This is what prompted me to buy it. I had a few issues migrating data from my Defy Plus. The Migrate app copied all my media files to the internal storage of the Moto G. Then, the Storage setting "Move media to SD card memory" didn't move my videos to the SD card. I used ES File Explorer to move my videos from internal memory to the SD card. 
Call Quality: Excellent as always with Motorola phones. 
General Usage: Smooth like before due to stock Android. I'm not a heavy multi-tasker and 1 GB RAM still seems enough for me. 
Media Consumption: Watching videos and playing games is better on the 2nd gen Moto G due to the bigger screen. Audio quality is good but I'm surprised that PowerAmp sounded better on my Defy Plus. The bundled music player sounds better than PowerAmp on the Moto G. I'm not sold on the stereo speaker functionality in the new Moto G. I think the 2 silver bars just spoil its looks and don't sound as loud in a noisy environment. 
Camera: The cameras in the 2nd gen Moto G have been upgraded from the 1st gen one. I haven't extensively tested the camera - its a feature I don't use much. It looks OK to me but I wouldn't be surprised if its not as good as the competition. Motorola has always lagged in the camera department. 
Battery Life: The 2nd gen Moto G keeps the same battery as the 1st gen one after increasing the screen size. So, the battery life is not so good, just average. 
Charger: Motorola still bundles the same bakwas charger in the new Moto G. No USB cable, only 550mA charging rate. I still use my Defy Plus charger which is much better - has a detachable USB cable and 850mA charging rate. 
In summary, providing expandable memory on the new Moto G was a good move. However, they should have at least put a bigger battery and bundled a decent charger with a detachable USB cable. I would rate it 3.5/5 but I'm rounding it to 4.

1

1> Motorola has the reputation and now its backed by Google.
2> Xiaomi is completely Chinese, they are giving away these low cost mi devices to snoop data, 
if you do not believe it.. google this.. you will know how xiaomi is stealing user data. Indian government is not realizing this yet.. from huawei to zte to xiaomi all steal data.. 
for more information lets compare SOC used by Xiaomi Redmi 1S and Moto G (both versions) 
Redmi1S has 1.6 GHz MSM8228, Quad Core for Indian version which has HSUPA (3G data.. fast for uploading your data)
Where as Moto G has 1.2 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad Core has HSDPA (3G for faster data downloading) 
Rest its upto you guys...
Money Matters.

1

Pros:
 1) Good Screen, good to watch movies/videos too. Have Nexus 5 Full HD, comparatively HD screen does look that bad. 2) Comes with Good Moto Apps like Moto Assist. They seem to be pretty useful. 3) Camera is awesome 4) Sound quality is much better. 
Cons:
1) Phone still feels plasticky, but not entirely bad 2) Just 1 GB RAM for the price.3) Battery backup is just ok, Didn't last a day for me, had to recharge in the evening again. 
Overall I am happy I bought the phone.

1

Impressive smartphone and rocking phone, Build quality of the phone is fantastic. 
* Super cool and sleek design. [gave a wow feeling when i opened the box]
* Crisp 5' HD display(720p).
* Camera - 8MP takes pics with good clarity; 2MP - great selfie.
* Speakers - Simply superb - Literally blown away by the Stereo speakers - Awesome !!
* 16 GB internal memory + Micro SD card slot.
* Android 4.4.4 with sure upgrade to "Android L".
* Quad core speed - tried few games like Real racing, Riptide - ran smoothly.

1

+Points 
1)Excellent camera, excellent pic/Video quality, Sound quality excellent.
2)Excellent performance 
3)High configuration and Low price
4)Latest OS Android 4.4.4
5)Flipkart service is too good. 
- Points 
1)Changer(No USB Cable)
2)Headset is not looking good.  
Note: This type of phone we will not get in India with this price. 
No other option, blindly we can go for Moto G(Gen 2)

1

First let me thank Flipkart for its sonic speed delivery of Moto G 2nd Gen. Ordered at 12 Midnight and got it by 10 AM....  
Coming back to Moto G 2nd Gen, phone looks premium and also feels premium. Nice upgrade from Moto G but could have added more juice to battery and display. 
Pros:
*Phone look and feel is very good
*Nice Camera (front & rear)
*Smooth touch response
*Lag free processing
*Awesome speakers and call voice clarity is also very good
*5 inch screen but still handy to use 
Cons:
*Volume & power buttons not handy to press
*Display is not very sharp as 5 inch but still 720P
*Battery could have been better, atleast 2500 mAH 
Overall the Moto G 2nd Gen is awesome upgrade to its predecessor Moto G except few minor glitch hence rating it 4 stars...!!! If you are looking mid range smart phone this should be considered in top 3 choice's.

1

The device feels amazing in your hands and has a very elegant design. The rear camera is capable of taking pretty descent images in low light as well. The front camers is good for selfies.Altough no upgradation in the processor dissappints. But overall the device is worth a buy , if you don't trust china companies just like me.

1

If you are looking for a good value for money smartphone that does not skimp on features you are looking at the right phone in the 2nd Generation Avatar of Moto G. As usual ordering and delivery from Flipkart was convenient and super fast. Ordered at 10:45am received at 4:00pm. 
Coming to the phone itself, the package ships with wired headset(earplug+mic) and a charger with a detachable micro USB cable. Unlike the reviews read online for units sold in Europe, the unit in India ships with Charger and wired headset. Its too early to comment on battery life and charger performance. 
Screen is bright and clear - 5" size is convenient to use as a phone and for internet usage. Inclusion of a microSD card slot is an added advantage over the previous version. The call quality in my limited use till now since laying hands on the phone has been pleasing and very good. The speaker performance is also good. The unit supports dual sim and takes micro SIMs. I have set up SIM1 for my official sim and SIM2 for my personal number and data usage. On the first boot, the unit prompts you asking which of the SIMs you wish to setup for data/interconnect. Yet to test out the camera - but given that its an improvement in specifications over the previous 1st gen Moto G, i expect the camera performance to be good as well. Supports 3G - LTE support is still missing in this version.  
The back side of the phone has kind of smooth matte like finish - its not glossy. Further its not fully flat, but slightly curved at backside. Holding it is comfortable. I felt the phone feels slightly heavy in comparison to having held the Nexus 5, Galaxy Note kind of phones. 
None of the accessories were available at the time of ordering. So the the big sales pitch of 50% off on accessories on the 1st day of ordering was no help.  
Could not notice any annoying cons till now. Shall update this review after a few days of usage. Overall an excellent value for money budget phone that does not skimp on features. So far well pleased with what I paid for.

1

Moto G is amazing phone. camera quality is good in low light and front facing Camera also good no black clear view. audio quality is wonderful support iron man 3 and fifa 2014 many more games excellent to play this love to play games in this mobile. video playable mp4 files support excellent quality. built quality very good i check also battery i played games continues 4 hours battery is also good.

1

It seems to be a great product! Sturdy phone.. Loving it..
Impressed by flipkart.. Well done guys.. product delivered in less than 10 hours!

1

I give 5 stars to both Flipkart and Motorola. 
About service: Ordered this around 12:10 am (06 Sep) and it was there in my hand by 12 PM. Thanks to Flipkart.  
And the Phone: 
I was using Nexus 4 till 2 days back and now for me Moto G 2nd Gen is really awesome. 
Big screen , good performance and built in stereo.. It's just worth buying. Price is comparatively lesser !!
However, Ear phone is worst and even charger doesn't seem of good quality. 
That can be adjusted, as that's justified with the low price.

1

Ordered a new moto g 2nd gen at 12.00 am when the sale began. Was very exited to get the phone..
I have the moto g(1st gen) as well. 
1) After i received the the new phone i unboxed it and the 1st thing i did was to switch on the phone.. i noticed that the power & volume buttons were not up to the mark in terms of build quality when compared to the earlier moto g that i have. 
2)After the phone was booted the phone seemed fine in terms of display. But in comparison with the earlier moto g, i played a same HD video on both phones simultaneously. As expected the video, the video quality on the moto g2 was not great due to the resolution of this phone.. The viewing angles on the earlier moto g was very good due to its higher ppi..!! The color contrast on the new moto g is not as good as the earlier moto g as well. 
3)The 3rd point that i noticed on the new moto g2(2nd gen) was, when i put both the phones (both moto g & g2) on AUTO brightness mode the new phone's screen looked very dull in comparison with the moto g. The earlier moto g is very bright and crisp. 
4)The new moto g2 feels really good to hold in hand and feels lighter but its actually little heavier than the old one. 
5)The camera is pretty good on the g2. The flash on the older moto g was lot brighter than the new one.. 
6)Sound quality is pretty good on the moto g than the g2. 
7)The SD card slot is a major advantage in the g2. After using it for couple of days its showing SD card damaged. The camera and gallery did not open itself when i had put the SD card.. Dont know if the device that I have has an issue or all of them r facing the same issue. I switched off the phone, put the sd card again n rebooted it. It worked fine. There is some issue with the SD card slot.. Needs a fix !! 
Overall it a pretty ok phone for 13k but could have been a lot better in terms of the hardware specs..!! 
Also i like the way Flipkart ships the products :) Delivery & support is good !!

1

Hello. I have ordered this product and it due to reach next week. The phone by the look of it looks good, but am skeptical about it battery performance - as after upgrade the screen display size has changed but not the battery - won't the larger display drain the battery earlier than before...what has been your experience so far...pls do share.

0

Good phone for 13000. But i would still prefer the Mot G earlier one. I am still using that and this new one was purchased for my wife. My preference would be Moto G the earlier version.
Reason : Good battery life and music quality good on Moto G earlier model.

-1

I bought my Moto G 2nd Gen on 7th September 2014, and today on 21st September 2014 it has failed to recognize any sim from both sim card slots and this reason stands for this punitive rating of this phone by me but if this would not have happened I would have rated it with a 4 (not 5 because sometimes it lags).
The phone and its build quality and overall performance is excellent according to price.

-1

I ordered this product by detailed survey . on sep 15 i got my mobile phone , in 3 days by going through its use it doesn't strucked , after that the notification bar is not swiping down and the touch is not working properly, if touch it somewhere, it is resulting somewhere else.Iam not at all satisfied with my product , i just done with return request and getting a new piece replacing that old one.

-1

The phone was heating up abnormally and too fast and the camera doesn't work most of the time. Please deliver good items

1

The phone looks good and fine to hold. But I found a lot of major issues with my phone.
1. the phone speaker was crackling , even for simple moto notification ringtone.
2.when you recieve a call , the phone ringtone is heard after a long delay of say 10 secs.
3. while charging , the notification LED does not come ON. Nor when charge complete.
4. charger supplied is very poor quality , only 550mA. Takes long time to charge. This phone requires minimum 1 A charger.
5.Phone looks very symmetric , so somtimes you end up holding it upside down when you get a call . there should have been a MOTO name on top. 
display looks OK and No lag.Battery life was good. overall a good phone ,but dejected with sound quality, which is like that of chinese phones.
Asked for a replacement 4 days back, but still no response from flipkart. Looks like they have recived lots of complaints regarding this cell , and waiting for update from MOTOROLA company. 
The REPLACEMENT phone has an excellant and crisp display. earlier one had a bit dull display.
The led notification issue while charging is still there , may be its the same in all the phones.
DESPITE being an HTC ONE X+ user , I am totally satisfied with this phone and its high quality.
Overall a must buy . Excellent quality for price.Flip Cover makes it look like premium phone. 
battery lasts for 2 and half days with substantial wifi use.

-1

It's good in every way. It's just that it becomes very hot frequently. Unable put it on my ears. That metal stripe on above makes it worse.

-1

after spending a year and half in windows eco system, finally decided to try out android and ended up with moto g gen 2 .  
1. as soon as i unboxed it and switched it on , he screen just hung , touch did not work , i had to switched it off with long press multiple times to get it working  
2. every two minutes the soft key hangs , i have to lock the phone and unlock it to make it work again 
3.some times when i try to unlock the phone the notification bar comes does  
 I have requested for a replacement , lets see how it goes

1

I am very much satisfied with the pace of delivery (within 12 hrs without a new penny) 
About phone 
Pros: 
1. Bigger display (means more space but less pixel density)
2. better and simpler UI than Moto G
3. Camera is upgraded and reloaded with new features
4. Two speakers
5. curve shape gives Better grip and feels lighter (although it is heavier)
6. Micro SD slot
7 Ok Google and Motorola Assist (Context based Voice assistance) works smoothly
8. Better speakers
9. Dual mics for better voice quality
.... 
Cons: 
1. Still User experience is not the best
2. No USB cable or memory card in box
3. Non replaceable battery
4. Motorola Assist and Ok Google needs Internet i.e. Voice command is available when you are interet enabled

-1

I purchased this device on 7sep and got it delivered on 8th Sep. After a full charge cycle i observed that it has heated up. 
Also while access WiFI and playing games the device heats up. My child keeps playing with Talking Tom and kids videos but the backpanel heats up pretty quickly. 
Not sure if its my device only or is a generic heating problem. Also observed that the battery drains out quickly. Not even last for a entire day with 3G on and WiFi . Need to recharge is after around 6 hours or so...

1

Moto G
It is almost certain that MOTO G is a great phone at this price point...nowadays it became a trend that last year flagships are becoming this years mid-range devices.
its true in the case of Moto G
Delivery
for the first time am disappointed with flipkart.I ordered the device on Friday midnight, It was delivered to me by Monday night 9PM.Even though it reached my nearest hub on Saturday morning itself. 
Out of the box, this device looks stunning,with the little upgrade from the previous version.they have compromised some PPI count,but is not the big deal at all.it looks same and sharp.
Device fits nicely in the hands, comfortable to use it with single hand.Kitkat works smooth on the s400..nearly an year old chip set. 
one notable upgrade is the front facing speakers.Its not only loud but the sound quality is very much improved.
next about the interface,Am not the lover of stock android,but 4.4 is smooth and stable.am happy that it can be customized to more user friendly.But I still miss my HTC sense experience which is more user friendly than the stock.
Its good to have dual sim support, but as of my experience it takes more time for the device to recognize both the sim cards.For a moment I thought it was a problem but it is not.
Am yet to test the device performance on gaming and heavy usage,but I believe it wont disappoint me as the original Moto G performed really well.
And the next big thing camera..
Moto has added an 8 MP shooter with this,and its a good upgrade from the original one,it takes some nice snaps.Cam quality is better than some old flagships with 8MP shooter.am very much satisfied with the shooter.
one notable thing with the shooter is that its bit faster than the old one,and touch to snap is very handy.selfy cam is also good.
Battery 
 am bit disappointed that no upgrade to the battery.Am sure this phone will not perform as good as the previous one as the screen size increased and the port for SD is included.but it will last for a day with normal usage.
Moto offers a Charger and the ear piece with this phone,but they are not as classy as the phone
charger cable cant be separated,and the headphone performs really poor. 
Most users have a confusion whether to buy Moto or MI3.
It depends on what you expect from the phone.
but Keep one thing in mind
"MOTO g is a mid range phone with the flagship Quality and MI3 is flagship with mid range quality."
although MI3 has a greater chip-set it feels cheap in hands.I have used both the devices,Moto G feels like holding a flagship,and in case of MI3 i felt like holding a Casio calculator.
MI3 is good on paper.but Moto feels much better in hands.
MI3 has almost double the amount of pixels than of MOTO but still moto G beats it comfortably.remember MOTO is only 720p.its far better than the Chinese. 
"If you need an uncompromisable daily driver then its good to buy MOTO G. if u believe in paper specs, you can go for the Chinese."

1

This is an awesome phone for this price range.
Only problem is that it heats up very fast!!!
The inclusion of the microsd card is a very handy thing!!!
But never the less is it a good buy and worth the money!!!

-1

purchased this phone ..service provided by flipkart was pretty good ...overall the worst product to buy ..have used diffrent brands but the first time i bought moto g ..at full charge the phone only works for 9 o 10 hours without playing games or multimedia ..at 9 in morning i leave home at 100 % charge by 2 pm the phone has only 10% battery left ..this is only on normal usage ..worst experience ..

-1

MUMBAI:Ordered this phone on 6th sept 12.05 am, got delivery on 9th sept.
CONS:
1)The phone which i got had some display issue ie: Slide window dosent work 5 on 10 times so to make it functional i have to press lock key ,unlock the device and then swipe down the slide window.
2) No upgrade in Charger same as moto G just 550mA insufficient to charge 2070 mAH battery.MOTOROLA SHOULD HAVE SOME SENSE BEFORE INCLUDING IT IN PACKAGING.
3)Headsets are also same as MOTO G no major changes ,which are useless.
4) Battery less than moto G which had 4.5inch display,SO LESS BATTERY BACKUP
5) LED notifications only white colour,dosent work. have to download third party app. 
6) Gaming:ASPHALT 8 crashes .basic games work fine
7) In United States it costs $180 (apprx rs10800/-) but packaging contains only USB. No power adapted and Headsets.
8) I have noticed sometimes earpiece dosent work so have to restart the device again and again
PROS:
1)Display (HD 720p)
2)Improved Camera 8mp rear,2mp front
3)Stereo Speaker in front.
4) Usefull default apps like : Moto Alert,Moto Assist... 
Disclaimer: I have used MOTO G1 and the above review summarizes the issues I faced with the device. It is not my intention to blame the product or the seller. 
Reccomendations:Use samsung Charger and Samsung headsets for better performance.

-1

I brought this mobile on 14th sep 2104 to sister birthday.I am very disappointed about this phone.Because my old moto g phone is getting full signal strength in same place with same net work but this one is getting only 2 points and battery is too poor i.e when phone is in ideal itself the battery reducing 30-40% in 3 hours.

-1

Battery is not good of this phone. Don't buy it. If increases the screen size Battery should be increases.

1

I ordered this phone on 6 september early morning 1:30 AM after launch and same day i received at 11:00AM. Very fast delivery b flipkart. 
About phone , look wise its very trending and slim phone .
No heating problem. No backup problem.
Everything is fine till now. Worth to buy this phone. 
Pros : In comprision to Moto G , Moto G 2gen has 8Mp primary camera , 2 Mp Secondry camera . and 5.0 Inch display. 
Cons : There is no cons as such now. But Other than above mentioned Pros there is nothing new in Moto G 2gen as comparision to Moto G. 
Overall Go for it if your budget is 15K.

0

Phone looks good to me, light weight, handy smart looks, not used that much as I have received it yesterday only. 
But I am not able to get Flip cover or skin guard in flipcart yet for Moto G(2nd Gen)XT1068 which is really funny. Accessories should be available along with the phone.
As I have received the offer of 50% discount on accessories with like all other first buyer with this phone, but not sure from where to get it

-1

The phone is good and have nice camera. 
It is too difficult to open back panel to insert SIM, upon 5-6 attemps of opening back panel may harm charger point. 
I would advise the phone should be little light and phone SIM location needs to be relocated to external part of phone.  
The Batter backup does not show any outstanding life, i would say its OK phone but not premium! 
The phone is not that responsive and touch screen does not responds 100% all the time.

-1

I have purchased motoG2 on 27 September 2014. I do not find the phone meeting the criteria of minimum acceptance for performance as there are two major draw backs:
1) Sound Quality in call conversation is very poor
2) Picture quality form the front camera.  
 Not advisable product for purchase.
Thanks

1

pehle mein bahut tang aa chuka tha apne purane smart phone se. kuch type karne ki koshish hi karta rehta tha. processor ne toh chalne se mano mana hi ar diyo hai. par phir maine flipkart pe ye offer aur product dekha. mano meri banche khil gayi ho aur mein prafullith ho gyaa. maine turant hi usko order kiya. Abh mein ghanto apne phoen ke sath bita sakta hu aur woh bhi teh raftar pe. anek anek dhanwad flipkart.... 
A best buy if u r looking for a cell in range of 11k-13k

-1

Melting smell is coming from top speaker after 10-15 mins usage and screen is getting heated more.
Flipkart please assist me.

-1

pros, 
camera 
android version 
cons
battery won't come for even quarter of a day even after full night charge.
it hangs little bit.
1gb ram is not the real one.

1

Its time for new moto g & it did not disappoint me. 
Have been using it for last 9 days & i am writing down what i felt when used this phone. 
Moto g comes with pretty clean & simple package & not to forget no USB cable & if ur first to android devices u might get disappointed for not having a cable.  
The design of the moto is very elegant & it comes with a screen guard on the phone so no need to buy one.
Display is pretty sharp & crisp & viewing angels are also pretty good.
Processor works pretty fast on 3g or wifi with no lags whatsoever after updating all the preinstalled apps & downloading lot of apps.  
It's almost stock android & 4.4.4 kitkat out of the box comes with some cool apps like photos, newsstand, (to name a few) not to forget the Ui is simple & clean which I loved.
Chrome is the default browser & works brilliantly & the new UI of chrome is also interesting. 
As usual it comes with moto apps like alert, migrate, assist all does the job as said.
I am not a gaming person so i am not going to say anything about it since i havn't played any games, but i believe snapdragon 400 can handle all the games designed for it.  
Call quality, is also very good (both loud speaker & microphone) without any problem one can hear the voice of other person. 
Motorola has supplied a very average headset, infact its below average. My old phone Galaxy s lcd had better headset undoubtedly. Most of the customers would be disappointed with this quality of headset. Quality of audio is very less & sometimes i find it difficult to realise which song is playing while I am riding on my two wheeler.
But moto backs it up by beautiful front stereo speakers, they are absolutely brilliant & enjoyed every bit of it. 
Yes charger do get heated up a bit but folks if u had used samsung phones previously use samsung charger to charge the moto I have personally checked the capacity of both samsung & moto charger & both supply same amount of power or less (in case of samsung) u can check the spcifications on ur chargers. & guess what phone doesn't get heated up when charged by samsung charger. I have been doing it from last 9 days. 
Battery is pretty decent & it comes for a whole day with normal usage. I get a back up of almost a day which is fine for me. however one can change thier runtime from dalvik to ART in developer options for better battery response. 
Dual sim for those who love to have two sims & both work pretty well, signal strength is also very good. It also comes with the micro sd slot so more soace for heavy storage. 
Camera also works very well both rear & front camera photos looked much better in non HDR mode (personal preference) It also supports 720p video recording & it also boosts slow motion video 2 720p which is quiet awesome. 
Overall I really like the new moto g & i have enjoyed every bit of it.

1

Flipkart replaced the phone after several attempts and the new phone looks good. The first phone I bought was faulty, I would have expected flipkart to replace the phone during the first attempt.

-1

Here are my Review ---
 - Battery - It takes nearly3-4 hrs to charge and lost in 7-8 Hrs. if constantly accessing internet than in 5 Hrs Max.
 -- File Manager is not available, So to access files or create folders you need to download other App.
 - Drive is totally communication based on internet.
--1 GB RAM but it seems RAM is always full . I was using 500 RAM always 200 MP available same here only 200 MP available.
Most concern is battery -- If you are free whole day to charge and use then go for it... But I think Online purchase is not good for electronic equipment's... like Mobile and Laptops tab and all....

-1

Mobile geeting very heat with in 30MIns Only,So we are not handling more than 30mins in hand...........

0

Certainly it a good looking phone and has overcome certain limitations of the previous phone,
But i found it to be average due to my personal experiences
1. It took more than 3 hours to get complete Charged
2. When i downloaded and played a high graphic game it was awesome but it lasted for only 7 minutes, after which the phone automatically switched off due to zero Battery.  
I guess Moto needs to work on battery...:)

-1

Received the Mobile on Sept 6th....Straight away problems with display ...
1) unable to access notification Bar on top of screen 
2) Display at the bottom really unresponsive ...had press several times to work ,sometimes that too didn't work
3)MIC Problem :Complaints from persons on the other end of Call ..not able hear me at all 
4)Battery Problem : Drained out like in 3 hrs of some wifi download (mainly app updates),half hr of video watching and half of games played (candy-crush and subway surfer) 
On Flip-kart ....Delivery was very good received within a day
But as soon as i raised a return request after getting a defective product ...no callback at all even though official email said will contact within two days.
Even when i call them [I'm Flip-kart First Subscriber] they said they reach me by Monday ,NO callback yet from anyone.
Now they say will get back at 10th Sept ...This is Pathetic ....Simply scamming Customers saying become Flip-kart First subscriber ,will resolve within two days....Hope they Call me back ...OR they don't post this review at all

1

The moment i opened the box i felt i was holding a very premium phone which might be costing around 25k-30k. I had that feel in my hand. The phone is super awesome as the moto-g(1st Gen) and the cam quality had been increased a lot and thats a very good job done in this phone. I have purchased a moto-g for myself and a moto-e for my mom and now i have purchased this new edition for my bro. Now my whole family is holding moto devices. We are all very happy using the device. I have been using my moto-g from 9 months( i have purchased the global gsm version in US) and seriously there wasnt even a small glitch and the same from moto-e from 4 months and same continues with the new moto-g i hope so. Regarding the specs i dont need to say much everything is perfectly blend for this price range and handset. May be there might be companies offering you other features or increased capabilty but i am sure that for the price we paid this moto-g lasts long than other devices.. People who want quality , performance , proper service, battery life, connectivity and pure android experience this is the best buy at this price range. Flipkart u always make me happy. Ordered at 9:32 AM on 6th sept got it delivered by 6:20PM on 7th sept with no extra cost( BGLR-HYD). Kudos to flipkart. 
The only problem is the cost of the back panels. If they are reduced to a large extent then many would opt buying original shells or cases.

1

Here is my Review covering the entire exp of buying and using it- trying to be non partial and practical. 
1) Service/Delivery- Booked it in Midnight, delivered at 3pm next day, but m pissed with FLIPKART and thus had a long Mail chain of complain back and forth regarding the issue that they (EKART) do not provide the info of courier person who will deliver the product.
I ask you guys, do you want to stay all day in home just becoz of a courier that too on a sunday, well you have too coz there is no phone number of EKART on internet and flipkart says thay dont have it either. 
2) MOTO G2 Packaging- Very very simple,looks like a budget cut in the box. 
NO USB Cable- so they are assuming you already have one .!!!! (-0.5)
Headphone looks very avg so i did not even bothered to try them out. 
3) DESIGN- 5 star no doubt about it, the phone as soon as i took out of the box fell in love with it. M using nexus 4 right now, and this phone is so light and feels safer in hand, the back panel (white) is rubber type material which is good, will avoid finger print marks. although the weight is also an issue coz at times i felt like its a TOY rather than a phone.  
4) Display- same a prev moto G. I am happy with the display with the amount of money i paid 
5) Storage- 5 star for adding External storage. 32GB  
6) Camera - Disappointed, 8MP, u kidding me. My very OLD Samsung S2 took amazing pics with 8MP. its more of a 3mp camera. 
The images are whitish and washed out. the front cam is even worse. could have been way better. 
7) BATTERY- charging is looking slow to me, will wait and watch how it goes.  
8) Performance - Its Stock android and with Quad core 400 chip, its working better than i expected. no lag, and very smooth . though i dont like the 4.4 icon in app drawer. looks to big  
9) Sound- Sound are really good, front facing dual speaker are just very well tuned. 
10) call reception- its funny that people now talk and concern about call quality in the end, well my first call came from home, and mothers voice always sound great. call quality is really good :) 
11) Net speed: Slow on wifi , will have to check how 3G works. 
12) RESULT : 4 start out of 5 and +0.5 for the awesome back panel curve design. For me looks matter 70% in a phone and 30% specs. so Thums up for Moto G. 
Surely it do not match with 14000 xiomi mi3, but i did not like that phone design and its stupid to first register than wait and try to book at 2pm...its just crappy process. its just a phone not my life,,so will pass mi2 for now,,, 
hope you guys find it useful.

1

First thing first.... 
Ordered the phone in night @ 2 AM with standard delivery mode... had the phone in my hand 8 hours later by 10 AM....so 5 stars to Flipkart..... 
Now about the phone.....
At this price range, MotoG2 has intense competition. I myself searched through an amazing range of choices, but in the end decided for MotoG2 for the simple reason that the quality does matter over specs.... The phone definitely looses out to competition on the point of lesser ram, older processor, lesser PPI and smaller battery capacity.... but it all becomes meaningless as soon as you start the phone... Its a fab product with no lag, very easy to use... simple, clean and very functional interface both physical and software wise... battery life has been good so far.... camera does its job nice but could definitely have been better..... I have been a very heavy and advanced user of phones (some of them have been of the highest specs) and now all I want from my phone is to have a responsive, functional and usable experience with a good camera and good battery while not burning my purse... in that respect, nobody can beat this phone at this price.....
would highly recommend this phone if that's wat you are looking for.....

-1

I just received the mobile at 1 pm.
the design is gud and the camera is awesome... 
Comparing old moto g , the resolution is little bit week..

-1

Let me not negate the overall product as it is one of the best phones that you can buy at this budget with guaranteed android updates! 
This review is particular to the unit I have got from Flipkart.  
Firstly, I am completely dissapointed with the quality of the latest lot of Moto G2's that are being sold. I purchased this devices on 14th Dec 14 and the issues that I am facing with the product are: 
1. There is a slight dent on the left hand side of the phone from day one. Immediately bought a cover from Flipkart itself and started using the same.  
2. Phone started lagging a lot and I reset the phone. Still occasional lags can be seen. 
3. Battery sucks big time on this particular device. Have to charge atleast 3 times a day with only mail and call usage. My previous Moto G's (have had 3 before) gave me a day's battery life.  
4. Occasional heating of the phone.  
5. Display quality is worse than previous Moto G 2014's.  
I had raised a replacement request with Flipkart on 19th Dec 14 and they assured they will call me on 19th Dec itself. No call but I received SMS that they tried reaching me. All lies. I was in network full day and didn't receive any calls.  
A call to customer care has assured me of a call today. No calls yet. Bad service FLIPKART to your Flipkart First Subscriber. Check my records and you will find my shopping history with you.  
Hence, think twice before you purchase this device, specially the new lot. Check for dents on the metal part right at the beginning.

-1

Opened the pack and switched on the mobile. It showed the welcome screen asked to press Start button. And that's it. The touch is not responding. Not taking any inputs.

1

I purchased the phone 10days back.. Till now no issues, working perfect. 
If you are planning to purchase the phone by seeing the DATA offer given by airtel, then don't buy. Airtel wont provide you the offer, just you have to keep roaming to airtel store or keep on calling airtel customer service but u wont get any proper response. Apart from this the phone is awesome, light weight, handy phone.

1

I have used this mobile for a month and every thing seems to be good. 
I have played Asphalt 8, its pretty good no crashing but after 30-45 minutes its getting heated up.  
Battery could have been better. 
ONLY THESE ARE THE PROBLEMS. ITS PERFECT IF U IGNORE THIS. 
I AM HAPPY WITH IT.

-1

Hi everyone, 
I got this phone in September and after 2 months i dropped accidently while walking. "GORILLA GLASS GOT BROKEN" .I got totally disappointed. I asked motrolla and flipkart services for warranty and repair.But they refused.. And the glass costs 75 % of price of the phone nearly 7000..And charger is also not working properly at times..Only camera is good.. 
People who are getting this phone..I request you to keep it safe without dropping!!!!!!!!!!!!!

1

this is my 1st android phone which i purchase from flpkrt and flpkrt does a very good job...they delivered the phone within 24 hours from the place of ordered date...moto g 2nd has most awesome feature that i found
1) battery backup
2) camera quality
3) sound quality.
4) lokking good
but inspite of this things it has some demerits...
it has no file manager....that is why it is difficult to locate your file and folder.....you can't set ringtone as per your choice....headphone is not manufactured by motorola own dept...this is local.....otherwise this is best android set with multiple feature and reasonable price that i've ever seen

-1

I have visited Airtel live offers page through my new Moto G 2nd Gen, but the website is saying offer is not applicable for this handset.

1

Sir, Moto G 2nd Gen is very nice and i am happy to using the product past three days, No problem
Moto G 2nd Gen mobile from online from flipkart it is very nice, I am already use Nokia 6610, HTC desire V, Samsung LGH L700, LG P500 and Apple 4s comparative from all Moto G 2nd gen is very good.

1

got this phone 1 week back ago for Developing n Testing Apps since it has got Stock Android and quicker updates may receive update ASAP . well at first the benchmarks score were pretty good, phone is extremely good at these 
1.Camera : since it has got 8 mp picture quality is super fine, dont use the zooming feature it sucks n the Front cam is too good in day light , tried making video calls on skype,viber etc Slow Motion Video is a better move dont expect miracles .  
2.Performance : i have installed more than 90 apps none moved to sd card memory, checked with the multitasking none of them crashed if u use 4 apps consistently 
the since the Stock android consumes less Ram I hardly get 350-200 mb free so, i rooted moto g managed to get 500 mb removed the moto g apps such as assist,alert etc these apps were consuming lots of ram ,  
3.Browsing : i enjoyed browsing n reading on this device 5 inch vibrant display,good viewing angles, i also managed to watch movies online on UC browser by installing Flashplayer apk.  
4.Gaming : Im not an Extreme gamer , anyhow managed to tested games like dead trigger,riptide,NFS,GTA,batman , which are below 1gb of size , tried playin Asphalt lags a bit. this phone aint for gamers wished it had 2 gb ram for excellent gaming experience  
5.Sound: the Dual speaker in the front are good , audio is not so crisp n clear , my advice install POWER AMP for music lovers , Google Play music Sucks anyhow ! another big is u cant use ur headphone mic buttons for changing the music tracks only comes with sony,samsung,asus,xiomi since they got customized UI n functionality  
6.Battery: Battery seems to drain up quickly if u turn on the Wifi or Celluar Data, used my phone upto 14 hrs with heavy usage of Wifii. try installing DU battery saver,Battery Doctor for saving juice. 
It feels comfortable holding in one hand , the only 2 cons i have found is 1 gb of RAM n not so great Battery Back up  
thats all about the review my advice is u to all purchase phones within 15 k, i bought samsung S3 for 36 k still in jellybean lots of Bugs almost trashed my phone away,after 1 yr now at the half price i get similar specs n a better phone n quicker updates, i change my phone for every year coz i only invest upto 15k  
At last i hope u guys find this Review Helpful :-)

1

i using this phone for almost 1 month and i think this is a good time to write a review. 
Pros:
1 Attractive simple design of typical Moto.
2 Awesome gaming experience with no hang no lag no matter how heavy game you play on it.
3 294ppi makes the display very very nice . believe me it very fine and clear.
4 The video recordings are very clear and descriptive.
5 very handy and looks awesome on hands.
6 good processor speed. you can use as many app you can and won't get hanged. 
Cons:
1 The camera is not so 8mp as it give the same quality image as my samsung wave's 5mp camera gives.
2 the battery won't stand up for 4-5 hours but its ok as i am using my phone every minute.but the phone exhausts 1% of battery every 3-4 minute.
3. phone gets heatup almost to 45-50 degrees Celsius if you use it for long on heavy games.
4 sometimes the touch act differently but it happens very rear. 
Believe me Overall it's a very very amazing phone with this price range.I am really very happy and waiting for the android update of Lolipop.
And in the end i really thankful to Flipkart for fast delivery.

1

Bought the product a Week ago. 
Performing good  
Major Cons Found. 
1.Battery takes lot of time to charge.
2. No USB Cable with the phone

1

no word to say about this mobile one of the best budget phone all features are available in this mobile both camera are best video playing is good......................

1

Moto G(2nd Gen) Handset working is so Good. All Apps for a good running & speet is very fast for avery time .

-1

Too Many Problems,especially problem with speaker and mobile becomes idle for some time, less battery backup

1

Wonderful Service by Flipkart!!!!
Guys what a fantastic service by flipkart....Its almost a 15th product which I purchased from flipkart...but still a perfect service...hats off guys(flipkart team)... 
Pros:
Now moving back to Moto G2 ...(read specs on website)
1.Sleek design..
2.even though bigger in size very easy to hold....(5" and still perfect)
3.camera outstanding...guys click shots during nights and you will amazed to see clarity and flash actually works superb...
4.smooth processor....
5.pls note even though it has 1 Gb RAM...but it will still beat higher RAM phones as it has snapdragon 1.2 GHz quad core processor...
6.touch is sexy!!!! 
Cons:
1.Android kit kat 4.4.4 used but still it lags some shortcuts...like data on - off,battery % is not there but for time being its annoying...
(THOUGH MOTOROLA KEPT BASIC ANDROID EXPERIENCE ...NOT ALTERED...FUTURE CHANGES IN OS WILL BE EASY TO UPGRADE)...
2.though stereo speaker but at higher volume sound is cracking....you cant get clear loud sound...
3.headphone sound is poor... 
but for my usage i feel better to use.....So I will give
8.5/10......

-1

phone with worst battery life .purchased on 8/11/14 .battery life is for 3 to 4 hrs only 
.prefer moto g 1 compared to moto g2 .

1

I don't care about whatever negetive things people have to sat about this superb phone.Am using it for the last three day,battery charge at the end of the day is at about 60%.The phone works seamlessly well,and,I just dropped it while I was standing,and,unlike my very expensive samsung galaxy s3,there is no broken glass,no malfunction and not even a scratch!Kudos Motorola!

-1

I have bought this phone from Flipkart. Flipkart delivered it very fast and thanks to Flipkart.  
I have been using this phone since 45 days. I have observed the following things and thought my review would be helpful to fellow mates. I am not at all convinced with this phone. I have used Android phones from other vendors before I bought Moto G 2nd gen. 
Pros: 
1. It is from Motorola.
2. Look and Feel is okay okay. 
Cons: So many cons are there and i am putting down few main cons. 
1. Network drops frequently for no reason. 
2. Battery drains with in no time compared to other phones which i have used. It takes lot of time to recharge. 
3. Switch to vibration mode and then come back normal profile. After few minutes / seconds, it goes back to Vibrate mode automatically.
4. You cannot delete selective messages in a specific conversation. I had this feature in a different mobile which i bought three years back.
5. You cannot delete all the contacts in one go. :((((( that's horrible. I didn't see the feature.
6. It doesn't provide File Manager. You have to depend on external apps from Android. 
and the list goes on.

-1

Bought this phone a month ago, issues on the phone :
1.) WIFI - the phone will connect to 2 out of 10 routers. Doesn't connect to my home network at all. After even two trips to service centre. They just take the phone inside, do something and the phone works on their network but it doesn't work with other routers again. 
2.) timezone issues - the phone went into GMT - 5:00 while travelling from Mumbai to Delhi 
3.) Audio issues - Microphone stops working every once in a while and it gets fixed on restarting the phone 
Add to this, the worst service network ever and unprofessional staff at the service centre, one of them even laughed and told me that why do you guys buy such a phone

-1

Ear phones were really bad.. It is restarting so many times. Battery comes only for 3 - 4 hours. Unable to reach the seller. want replacement for my earphones.

1

i am fully satisfied with this product... as well as with flipkart alsoo.... 
the 5inch display is really amazing with the gorilla glass display .. 
but the Headphones are soo worst... 
if u buing this product buy headphones alsooo
 for moto G2 suitable headphones are skullcandy-s2ikdy-003-ink

-1

PLEASE READ THE COMPLETE REVIEW BEFORE BUYING THE PHONE 
This review is not about the specification or about the price or the comparison wrt other products. Its about the end user experience after receiving a faulty device.  
I bought this phone on October
I did face a lot of issues and got replaced three times and the replaced mobile had more issues than the first mobile.  
1st Mobile: WORKED PERFECTLY, no hardware or software issues except for battery, which drained in less than 3hrs. So requested a replacement.  
2nd Mobile: Camera issue, Flash issue, Touch stuttering issue, Network drop issue, 3G connectivity issue. Requested replacement.  
3rd Mobile: Combine all the above issues, I thought to live with that and suddenly one day the phone crashed while using camera and rebooted. Guess what? the phone got stuck in "boot loop"(Google It), I call it LIMBO.  
4th time: Got refunded. It took me a whole day explaining the "Flipkart Tech Support". Some how those people understood my distress call and refunded the money.(You guys know how support works right. pathetic!!!)  
Here is my findings and a word of caution to all fellow on-line shoppers 
*The phone is great for the price, if you are lucky to get a good one.(Some of my friends bought this phone during the initial sales and they never faced any issues)  
*Once replaced you wont get a new phone but a refurbished phone.(APPLIES TO ALL PRODUCTS IN FLIPKART)  
*I found that the product went out of stock a week back and it is back in stock now, PLEASE DON'T BUY IT, not all are new phones sold right now in the current lot, many are refurbished model.(Verified from a trusted source)  
I am a Sony fanboy, I just wanted to experience the stock android interface. Since Moto G2 offered a good specification at lower price with near stock android I bought this phone. The phone is amazing if you get a good one. From my experience I am never going to buy a cheap phone ever ever ever in my life.  
Heading to Sony Smartphone Lounge......

-1

I purchased a moto G 2nd generation from this website and within 3 months i experienced two major issues with the phone , firstly my phone began to hang within 10 days of receipt and the same was replaced with a new one... However, the motherboard to the new phone crashed within 1 and half month of receipt of the replaced phone rendering me handicap and phoneless.. 
Thereafter, I requested flipkart guys to replace the phone as I have never heard of the incident that a motherboard crashing of a brand new phone.
After writing several emails to flipkart, they finally decided to reply to my email saying they will revert in 2 days which needless to say they conveniently slip the deadline and did not revert.And on being inquired again they only repeatedly gave me the option of taking my phone to he service centre and that they cannot offer me any more assistance than this very curtly put across to me.
Worst is my phone is now lying with the service centre for more than 10 days and every time i visit them they tell me that they will take 2 more working days as they do not have the required part and the same has to be imported from USA. There are nearly 6 service centres in Mumbai with none possessing the required part. Because of he whole fraud committed by this platform which encourages vendors to sell defective phones I am rendered handicap without a phone and regretful of my idea of buying a phone online from this website ... It is therefore requested to everyone out there to not buy Moto G 2nd generation for we Indians who believe in good quality phones would not appreciate such major hurdles and issues in the phone within just 1 and half months of receipt precisely. 
DO not even deserve one star but had to hit on the rating star as it was mandatory
I have experienced the issues which any person would face at the rear end of a phone's life ... It is really disappointing to purchase goods from this website because even though I have paid the money for a brand new phone I have received a defective piece... The shopping experience on flipkart has really been a sour one... I feel cheated..

-1

A black line appeared on the screen within two months no proper response from customer care I had to give the phone to customer care centre which was overcrowded in chennai just for depositing the phone i had to wait for one hour they have told that it will take 10 days to replace the screen . i dont know why this much time is required? any ways overall not happy with motorola customer service will not buy any motorola product again .

1

Hey guys, 0 
Thanks to Flipkart for delivering it within one day though I did not choose the option one day delivery. 
About Moto G 2nd gen which is used for 2months now - 
Advantages -
Camera - Its really awesome guys, the clarity is so great its more better than the samsung grand 2's 8 MP which I compared with my friend so nowadays he asks me to take a pic from Moto G 2 though he has grand 2 ;) 
Internal Memory - Oh its super cool which gives 16GB and its more than sufficient. 
Processor - Moto G 2 is really fast guys. Trust me it is or check Moto G 2 Vs. iPhone 6 Video in Youtube(Moto G 2 is fast as per that video). Great for games. 
Screen - its a 5" screen and its so clear when it comes to camera or videos. Its great to see a video or play games. 
Sim - Dual Sim works fine, also with 3G(for 1st sim only) and 2G. (2nd sim doesn't support 3G). 
Speakers - Its really loud. The person next to you can hear what the person at the other end of the call is speaking with you if the volume is 100% so check your phone volumes or check if any person is next to you ;) 
Inbuilt Apps - we can move apps to SD card or delete which is not required except few google apps.
Good to handle, cant expect a better phone for this price. 
Disadvantages - which we can see normally in other smartphones as well 
Battery - this is also cool I use the wifi or internet almost 18hours a day and battery lasts for 1 day, I would suggest you guys to download the battery doctor app which helps a bit. Initially it was draining out bit fast but after 3-5 days it got adjusted and it lasts for a day. please judge on the battery after 3-5 days of your buying. 
Heating problems - I do not see any such issues, charger was getting heated up initially but now I do not see such problems and never faced this with the phone. 
I was confused if I should buy a Moto G 2 or Micromax canvas Nitro. But I am really happy with Moto G 2 its so cool. everyone who sees it asks for it ;) If you confused which one to buy I would say go for Moto G 2nd Gen. Anytime google phone rocks.

1

I am not going to talk about Motorola, as i have already purchased 2 Moto G(1st Gen), 1 Moto G (2nd Gen) and 1 Moto E and also referred Motorola to many of my friends. I am talking here about Flipkart Delivery and Response on my request to deliver soon.  
I had function in my home and ordered Moto G2 for gifting the mobile. Even though there was no stock till a day before function, flipkart delivered the mob on time as mentioned over the calls, that they will try their best to provide it on the day of function and they did. It was a nail baiting situation for me and had plans of buying Lumia 730 from outside mob stores. But i had faith in Flipkart and they kept to their words by delivering it on time. Every call with Flipkart ppl was polite and requestful to wait. Hats off to Flipkart, call centre ppl, delivery boy and its team. 
Thanks you once again all.

1

Moto G - awesome phone. with great camera capability.. Multitasking allows you to have a nice experience, with 16GB built-in memory and 1GB RAM. Except the sound it's a great phone. With powerful 2 speakers I'm not able to listen anything. So, My rating is 4.5/5. Go for Moto G...

1

I'm Giving 4 stars Because of the only issue.i.e Battery. It lasts 1 Day with wifi turned on. and approximately 36 Hours without wifi. The issue is the scree's size.Battery is consumed by the screen basically...Anyways There's NO LAG issues. There's no other issues. I don't think even Battery is a VERY BIG issue. Nowadays Phone Comes with approximately this much of battery. i.e 2000-2800 mAh.

1

On the First Boot . I realized that there is slight yellow screen at Touch menu button. Was not White edge to edge. So Called Flipkart & requested for replacement. but same model was out of stock. So they Refunded my Whole Amount as i have done net banking transaction. Within 2 Days of Pickup i Got the Amount in My Bank. Thank you Flipkart for such a awesome support & Thanks WS Retail.
Awesome Experience. I have Ordered Another Mobile Phone. & will receive that soon. Thanks. :)

1

I m using the MOTOG2 since a month the performance is excellent; concern is Network/Internet is disconnecting frequently..

1

moto g is a good phone , it dose not have android 5.0 but considerably will be firest non nexus phone to have it. ......asus zenfone is better than it

1

Great phone. Excellent quality. 
Cons ( I am just nitpicking, go get this phone)
1.Software needs updated as the phone feels sluggish occasionally and keeps killing background apps, like music stops in background if you open a couple of apps.
2.The dual sim management is a mess, more like an afterthought. No separate ringtone/profiles can be set. Number dialing is a two step process, dial > press call > select sim.
3. Average camera ( Horrible in low light) 
Battery lasts a day for me, not more. About 30% left at the end of day. I use 2G all the time and wifi while at home. 2-3 hrs screen on time.

-1

Worst product because of battery standby time is very i ever had. Please don't buy friends. Charging of battery takes long time. Somehow the camera and graphical interfaces are good.

-1

my phone battery backup not good, in phone charging time phone heat i am not satsified moto g2 please solve my problem

0

screen gets heated up frequently when i run games..within two minutes screen and the camera lens gets heated up... depressed :(

1

For all those Android purists like me, this is the blind choice when it comes to buying a new phone. No other device gives stock android experience at 13K. 
DEAL BREAKERS
1. Stock Android
2. Promised Lollipop upgrade
3. Price 
PROS
1. Decent battery life of 24+ hours with 3.5+ hours of on-screen time. (will get better with Lollipop upgrade)
2. Build quality is excellent, very comfortable to use with one hand.
3. Stereo Speakers - most awesome speakers. Even flagships like S5 do not offer quality speakers like Moto, they don't even have stereo.
4. Camera - excellent performance in sunlight, photos look crisp and sharp. Average performance in low light with flash. 
COULD'VE BEEN BETTER
1. Option to turn of syncs completely - right now have to manually untick every option. (this is more of a stock android problem, I being an avid CyanogenMod user) 
CONS
1. Charger with detachable USB cable - the out of box charger did not have detachable USB cable so I had to buy it.
2. Device heats up when performing things simultaneously like playing games and app updates from play store. (does not heat up when playing games only) 
If you can tolerate these very minor cons, I think you should go for this device. Its the best in this range.

0

So I put my phone on charge by 9 and it's already 75 around in one and half hours. Facebook, whatsapp and instagram only three applications on 2G network, no wifi, no camera, no video streaming, broswer a couple of times to follow up with the facebook links (texts only) and it's 4% already by 12.30 AM. Service centre executive says only replacing phone would work and nothing else. I had suggest all you people buying to do a complete battery test, atleast run on continous internet so you had replace with one within the period. Also, wish for flikpart to get you an unused product.

1

I got the phone nicely packed. It had all the mentioned accessories like charger, headset, warranty card, manual. The feel of the phone is great and the matt finish of the back cover gives you an amazing feeling.
It has a very soft and delicate touch. Comparable to apple (I have an iPad).
It has a decent primary camera.
The phone does not experience any lag and games like Asphalt run seamlessly.
Moto has provided useful apps like Assist.
However the battery backup is not that great. It drains out in under 16 hours even after very little use.

1

I'm writing this review after one week of usage
**the ratings are for the product and flipkart and not the courier service Delhivery.
the worst delivery by the courier service, it took more than a week for the product to get delivered. unhappy with the service of Delhivery. 
Now coming to the phone,
after ordering the cell i read about the device and many of them said the cell heats up a lot, lags, takes long time to charge. i didn't face any kind of lag till now after installing many apps, yes the charger bundled with the product is not up to the mark but then i changed my charger and use the one provided with my nexus 7, and with that charger the cell get full charged in almost one and half hours without heating! 
many of them said the battery is bad but that's not the case, if you are a normal user you'll get almost 16 hours of backup which is the best at this price point. for a gamer you can get 8-10 hours of usage. 
the camera of the device is awesome, the focus control and other feature, simply love it.  
the user interface is minimal and easy to use which i love. the customization by other companies make the device lag. 
i didn't face any issues with sim card, calling function or wifi connection as described by others. 
the stereo speakers are the best, people have said that the sound cracks, you can easily change the audio effects from the settings and i would advice you not to keep the media volume at full as you may feel the difference, keep it one or two times below and you'll get the perfect stereo experience. 
the build quality of the phone is sturdy and fits perfectly in hand, didn't face any issues with the display or screen quality, it works as expected. 
if your budget is around 15-20k go for this product without hesitation. none the devices from other companies can give you such build quality and beautiful looking phone 
a big thumbs up for Motorola and Flipkart for giving the perfect device (Delhivery you suck!!!) 
Moto @(2nd Generation) rocks!!!!!!!!!!

-1

just bought a new phone few days back and it just started heating at every thing i used even when i was using camera it was heating
on using whats-app too it was heating.

1

Moto G2
Special Phone at low cost for Android Users
Coming to review Display is awesome for this phone
Sound quality is good & having good quality sound
Calls are clear
Speed is Very good 
I have installed 45 apps still running at very good speed
Camera is Ok (Not bad) 
For Gaming also response is good for phone
Transferring data also is very good & is done at good speed 
Drawback:
Charge is drained faster & is taking lot of time to charge & mobile is getting heat if we play games for long time
Headset is bad 
Overall mobile is good for 13k, & who are looking to purchase a better android mobile at low cost prefer it & don't worry about the size it is quite comfortable to carry in hand.

-1

I purchased a moto g2 that time also when ever the phone getting switch off i can try to switch ON with in more than 15min.When its Switch ON only 1hr stable after going to Switch OFF. In this cause i will Switch ON 15times per Day and Using Only 6 to 7hrs per day.

-1

Do not buy moto phones and epically from flipkart. Go to your local store and buy samsung or HTC.  
Poorly manufactured!!!! Bought two from flipkart. The first had issues with touch screen got it replaced. replacement piece was fine. Thought this was one off, so bought the second one. Again problems with the screen (faded colour on the top left side of the screen).  
The biggest problem is you cannot get in touch with technical department directly. You have to register a complain with flipkart and in 48 to 72 hrs they will get back to you.  
Very very very slow and poor service!

-1

I got a sealed moto g2 box but upon opening it I was bit shocked to see the plastic sheet of phone screen was bit like forged second hand set kind of work. their was no motorola's M mark on it plus the sheet was lifted a bit plus their was couple dirt bubbles on the set. despite of that I have tried to ignore it b/c I didnt had enough time to raise a long battle of getting my set replace with actually a fresh set. :) n Because am also not sure if motorola or flipkart will be sure even about which lot is fresh. it might be some returned repackaged set. probably I should better had gone for Xiaomi the chinese brand...

-1

I bought this phone in last nearly 20 days having found lot of problemms but i forget that cuase it may happens ,
But big problem is "It cant support multitasking."
If u minimze any app after 5minutes it auto closed , even if u lock keypad. Or u cant not play music while playing a game or in game like clash of clans keypad goes down inbetween typing. N also it takes lot of more time to load a online game than samsung.
 It having worst internet access i ever faced. If u are 2g user u need to forget browsing, any cheaper samsung or micromx mobile beat itmoto g2 4-5 times.
Picture quality is not good as u want , moto e having gud coloured displaye than g2 ...
About gameplay do not demand any shooting game... much lags.
 Camera is gud than asus zfone5 or p81. (Chk camera wisly my handset fails to capture white at centered photos) ( n if it not responds u need to restart , even for face unlocking also). also face unlocking is not gud ( any mmx canvas is much better in this) any other person can open it n many times urself u cant open it ...epic fail.
 About speed of using ...( is like running in river u cant get as speed as u can do ) i m not impressed by speed animated opening takes lot of time after some use ( nearly 15 Days)...
 Sound no doubt awesome.
Another bad thing is u cant see upload n dload working or not ( an internet E logo with two opposite arrows along signal)
 System is just copy pasted from moto e ...icons r blurish.
 So if u are a gamer kind user or gud internet user dont think to buy it.

1

I think the main issue everyone is concerned about is the battery life. Well, I can safely say that this phone has brilliant battery life. With 3G, I get 12-15 hours without any fuss. With WiFi, its even more. There is also a default batter saver option in Settings. Switch that on.
Also, adjust the screen brightness when you're outdoors and indoors. Sometimes the Auto brightness indoors is quite bright and you don't require so much brightness indoors. 
I use the phone a lot including media player in a day. If I remove my phone from charging at 9 in the morning, I charge it again next morning around 7/8am. 
This phone is very good. Not much different from the First Gen. The only thing better is the camera and the screen size. Otherwise, its just like the first gen. And we all know how good the first gen is. 
I dont want to comment on the specs as they're similar to the First Gen. The camera though is quite good, in low light too. Front camera is also great in low light. 
The phone comes with stock Android. So that's another plus. 
I read some reviews which described the battery life as poor, hence i was skeptical before i could purchase this. But once I bought it, I have no regrets. 
Yes, there will be some handsets with some issues, but you cannot get 100% efficiency in anything. 
I would totally recommend this phone for anyone looking for high end low budget smartphone. At 13k, its a steal.

1

No complaints on the delivery from flipkart !! Excellent service 
I dont want to write much about the Phone as it is a good all purpose device for my daily use.
The build quality is nice, light in weight and good internal memory, nice battery backup with decent camera quality and no lags while playing games..!!
well thats all I need this phone to do !! 
I am happy and

-1

i would like to make it simple and straight
issues i found till now:
1) Audio gets break frequently when rotating mobile during music playback 
2)Internet through wifi is not consistent(checked with different wifi sources) though the status shows its connected 
3)Speakers produce cracky sound 
4) light emitting from corners(design flaw) 
5)very slow loading of some apps 
now the pros: 
1)overall design, feel, usage is good. 
just placed a request for return

1

I have purchased Moto G 2nd generation from flipkart. Phone is very good in all aspects as mentioned in other reviews but two cons i realized:
1. Battery backup is not up to the mark. I am getting only 8-9 hours backup in mixed usage that should be a little bit more. For me his is a serious concern.
2. Screen quality is not that good as my phone dropped from 2 ft height and screen got broken, previous phones were more robust in this aspect.
Rest phone is worth in this price value.

-1

total fail this mobile battery perfomance very bad
camera qulity is not good
singnal strenth very bad

0

The battery last for 5-6 hours only and it gets heated very quickly. 
At low power the touch pad becomes difficult to operate. 
Apart, from above, rest all features and specs are good

-1

Phone is good but battery backup is too low need to upgrade with new power backup .........................................................................................................................

-1

After using Samsung (S3) mini, I bought Moto G (2nd gen) Looking at Hype generated by flipKart.... And today I'm Facing Music" 
Yes... I have to make this statement because... Firstly, there is an issue with the quality of speaker - when I receive call, Voice is not clear to hear ( A basic need/ Requirement of a phone) And if I have to receive call in busy traffic then god should help to understand what a caller is saying (As voice is not clear).
Secondly, I noticed when I receive call most time my voice reflects back to me (Damn irritating). 
Thirdly, an ear phone given by company is another big waste ....Sound quality is very very .. very bad...... 
Overall I can say "There is no use if a phone cannot function its basic functionality" - Not worth for money I paid.
Now to Flipkart ---> Dear Flipkart, At least make sure before promoting/ Branding any product works well for it's know basic functionality, else no customer will trust you or buy any product from you.

1

I've used this phone about 6 month, and still use it. I really love this phone, the screen is really clear, camera doesn't bad at all, and I never got any problem with my Moto G. It's an awesome phone and it price was good with the high specification. a recommended ones.

1

unbitble at this price range.... 
i baught 2 2nd gen also aftr using it....
go motto go....

-1

This phone has poor camera quality. I Have purchased but you should not.Flipkart send me a defected piece.

-1

battery is horrible .even playing music makes a drop of %1 in just 5 mins.other wise phone is good!fast ! motorola needs to work on battery!

1

Asphalt 8 is running without bug - means awsome graphics //
i can talk 2 hrs with very less call drop.. in less than 18% battery - awsome battery//
Design - looks cool and sexy but 5inch - so not very easy to play with one hand//
processor - i do mails, read word document, and listen music while updating apps -1.2 quad core without bug, it performs yaar..//
call quality - awsome//
display - awsome...(little visibility loss when tilting..but ok)//
camera - my best timepass is photography... i am impressed by moto g2's camera..//
touch is also very good but not like galaxy s5, 13000/- and 33000/- difference hai na bahoot.. but touch mei utna zyada nahi hai.. mast touch sensibility...// 
MAI NA FLIPKART KA ADMI HUN NA MOTOROLA KA... SACH YAHI HAI.//
ASUS ZENFONE 5 bhi option hai.. 3000/- bachega. par reviews dekh lo uske bhi.. Thanks

-1

Google has you by your balls from the word go.
Hardware is cheap. Software is fast.
Voice quality fluctuates from call to call.
Flipkart has replaced the phone twice.
The problem still remains.

-1

Charger does not work properly, it does not fit the socket correctly and not able to charge the phone

-1

I am so much disappointed with flipkart. I received a faulty phone. The speaker cracks while playing songs and also during the calls. There is a continuous disturbance in the background while talking on the phone which it goes off when I talk using headphones. Clearly there is an issue with its speakers. 
Highly highly disappointed !

-1

i got moto g 2 nd gen...i had cross more problem... phone is getting heated up..and ear phones that i recieved is not working... display brightness is automatically reduced and incresed...and sim signal is also not found properly... can i return the phone...

1

Hi Flipkartians, 
I Ordered mobile Moto G 2nd Generation but the Flipkart has delivered me a Second hand mobile and the seal is already open and it is tampered and also it is not working. They are playing games with the lifes of the public and they playing with the online Buyers. 
I made a complaint in the Flipkart TollFree they said they will resolve the issue by 8th November 11 am. I will see what will happen till that time . Other wise I will file a complaint in the Consumers Court. 
I thankful to those who are not buying any products in the flipkart and also don'g buy any products from the flipkart. 
Thanks & Regards,
Ashok

0

I received product with lot of problems..They are, 
1. SIM1 is not catching signal.Two SIM's are of same operator, 2nd SIM is showing signal but not the First SIM.
2. I am unable to listen to the voice when somebody calls me n speaking.
3.Battery Backup was too poor..
4. Heating when we use 1 hr continously 
Then a placed a replacement request and i got a new Phone again. 
Even the second phone is also having problems.
1. SIM1 is not showing proper signal.
2. When we play songs, Audio was not fair.
3. Battery backup.
4. Display screen was not up to the mark.. 
With lot of expectations i have purchased it but highly dissapointed....

0

I buyied my moto g2 
it was heated up like anything and even the battry drained very quickly.
i asked fot replacement
flipkart people replaced my piece in 4 days.
But even in the new replaced Moto g2 the problem is the same!!
once again getting heated up once again battry is draining really fast!! 
im really disappointed on these two issues from the cell phone.
Excluding these problems the phone is best at its quality,appearance,display,price tag,android version. 
tip for the buyiers-- Think twice before buying this phone!!

-1

When I received the phone ,it had numerous scratches on the screen guard .It seems as if the phone was a used one.
-Phone hangs a lot from the very first day , Even without installing any app.
-The battery drains out very fast . Also it gets charged up very quickly .
-Volume key and Back button also does not work properly,it hangs.It does not work until and unless home button is pressed.
-When I raised a replacement request I was told to do factory reset.
-After factory reset also ,the same issue persists.

1

Moto G2 is good mid range phone from Motorola. the only thing it needs is a "2GB RAM".All other features are really good. Screen size and image quality is quite impressive. Processor is also good.primary camera is better .

1

Writing this review after using a week. Screen size, resolutions, camera clarity with Auto Focus option are Awesome.

-1

Have purchased Moto G (2nd Gen) which worked perfectly only for 24 hours and after that it got switched off and not getting on.

1

I am very happy with my new phone.I was windows user and was reluctant to switch to android but now I feel That I made a correct decision by buying this phone.The best part is its price.Its just wonderful to get the specifications at this price range.The black color looks better than the white.I have not faced any issues with the battery yet.The flipkart delivery was also good.

1

Moto G (2nd Generation) is much better than Asus Zenfone 5 in Brightness, Stereo Sound, Android Kitkat and Batter back-up.. apart from this Asus Zenfone 5 is much better than Moto G (2nd Generation).

1

Its been more than 10 days I have been using this product it's going smoothly with no issues with awesome features and decent battery life.Just go for it!!

-1

Moto g 2nd gen Delivered on 27-10-2014 
Battery getting charge is taking lot of time and drying very fast without any internet use and i had ordered black moto g 2nd generation but received white colour head Phone that too poor quality after hearing for 5min, my ears was paining and there is no right or left indication on the head phone.
It is a bad experience for me buying in flipkart

1

I am happy with other features of phone ,its looks and performance is very good.I liked the camera too but why is showing total space of 12.79 gb.

1

google sold motorola to lenovo ... .so that we cannot get updates further.... the specs are good ... good battery life good performance... the graphics render fine... it can be upgraded to android L.... for now... what next??? what lenovo will do ....???????

0

Unable to avail offer but still you are saying offer.Battery backup is not good.But other than battery it is good .Still BATTERY is important .

1

Good phone with display, build. Battery backup is okay since display is big. side keys looks a bit unhealthy but not an issue. camera is okay.
 Go for it!

0

Pros : cheap, good looks, expected to be upgraded to Android L
Cons : gets hot very fast (cannot play a game for even 10 mins) , No LTE (4G), Screen isn't as crisp as last year's model

-1

I had ordered Moto G (2nd Gen) mobile phone from flipkart. The same was delivered to me on 11th Sep 2014. Suddenly on 22nd Oct 2014 the phone display was blank. On calling flipkart , they informed that the phone cannot be replaced as it is more than a month. While it was just 10 days above the month(11th Sep 2014 to 22nd Oct 2014). On calling the Service center (Bell and tell Teleservices) we were informed to get the phone to service center. After 1 day, service center informed that the display was damaged due to physiscal damage. Flipkart informed that the warranty cannot be claimed as it was due to physical damage. Neither the service center nor Flipkart is able to prove the physical damage. Me being the owner of the phone, it is only me who knows if the phone had a physical damage or not. I am very dissatisfied with the service of Flipkart and Motorola and i Think this is just a way of avoiding the claim and reimbursement of the phone. I suggest please avoid buying atleast ecltronic items from flipkart.

-1

1. the battery backup is not so good. Charging takes hell lot of time (more then 5-6 hours). Battery heats up during phone usage and discharges very quickly. I start using my phone in the morning with 100% charging. By noon it drains to 40%. by 2 pm it requires fresh charging. Every hour it will charge only for additional 10 odd percentages. 
2. the phone book has some serious problem. Opening contacts displays white screen for a long time. Contact names appear, and then if I search something the contacts disappear. Application closes abruptly. 
3. Similar problem happens with Call logs. Sometimes, it doesn't even recognise the names and only the number displays without any name when someone is calling. 
4. Poor Truecaller also stops abruptly. 
So much with even the replacement set. :(

-1

I have been a flipkart shopper since it was an Infant. Its tragic to see the services becoming progressively worse. Buying on this Big Billion sale was a bad decision. I have read negatives reviews about electronic goods and mobile sales on flipkart but always ignored them. I ordered Moto G 2 for Diwali.It was delivered fine. In 3 days the screen blinked on and off,touch got less effective, and then one fine day when I woke up half display was missing and touch stopped working. Immediately I made a contact with Customer team. They informed by 29th Oct they should rectify the issue but no calls from them, just mobile updates. And then Another message came that the date will be 31oct now. I totally regret buying it from flipkart. I have asked for a replacement and since I see many reviews on that part too I shall update my review once I get replacement done..If any??  
31 Oct: I received replacement phone. Have not yet used it and I hope it works fine. Having read reviews here lot of people got phone replaced and they were too having defects so keeping fingers crossed!!

1

Received it just a few days back, so my review might not be very useful, but I must say that it feels great to have bought this phone.. 
Go for it if you are a Google fan, that's all I'd say..

1

Brand: Motorola was founded in U.S, 1928 and it builds Tablet computers, Mobile phones, Smartphones,Two-way radios (walkie talkies),Networking systems,Cable television systems,Wireless broadband networks,RFID systems,Mobile telephone infrastructure.
So it is technically more renowned brand than Nokia or Samsung in Mobile phone market.  
My Review is based on more than two weeks usage so it may vary at some points with others. 
Looks: edges are not sharp, finishing is somewhat blunt and dull compared to ASUS 
Zenfones. 
Body: Easy to hold and handle though it's size is quite bigger than it may look. Back cover is so durable and more easy to open than a bottle cap!!!! it is sealed from inside out making it water and dust resistant to an extent. If you take the white version of this phone you will need a phone cover to protect it from stains! but you can open the phone back cover anytime and wash it and put it back :D 
Screen: Corning gorilla glass 3 is something you may not believe before seeing. its smoother than ice but harder than past gorilla glasses. Still i use a Matte finish screen guard just for the looks it provide. 
phone booting time: 28 secs generally.
phone power off time:13 secs generally. 
Phone accessibility: U.I is very smooth as it runs on Stock Android 4.4.4 as on Nexus phones only. no default file manager app. No notepad app. so many basic apps miss out in stock android. You will have to download them. 3G is very fast esp in Vodafone and airtel in cities. Navigation is smooth. music player is fluid except it interrupts for 0.5 secs when you tilt the phone from vertical to horizontal positions or vice versa. call facility is fluid. so is messaging. Notifications panel is nice to work with. but notification light is dull compared to blackberry's. sometimes you may face problems with receiving calls as the 'slide-n-answer' feature does not work at times but its very rare. I am trying to find out why it happens. 
Sound: Very LOUD!  
Camera: 8Mp is like Lumia's 5Mp. so nothing much to jump for! but front camera of 2Mp is good. 
Battery: 2070 mAh. With D.U Battery app it gives you more or less 1 day/24 Hours backup. please charge your phone for 8 hours after buying as they say if you want proper backup. 
My Review is based on more than two weeks usage so it may vary at some points with others.

1

I'll start with an excellent delivery by Flipkart. I ordered the device 4-5 days before diwali, the expected delivery time was 10 days due to festive season, but it was delivered to me in 3 days, surprisingly. i also ordered a moto g back case along with it which arrived the a day after that. 
Moto G is a very well designed and thought out phone. I have handed it over to many of my not-so-Tech-aware friends, and they thought it was one more of those 30K phones with large screens. There's the look factor. 
As far as performance is concerned: I switched from an iPhone 4S to Moto G, so just comparing the two phones - I find Moto G much faster and crisper in terms of the interface.  
From an Android vs iOS perspective, there's just so much more you can do with Android than iOS. Apps like Whatsapp, PushBullet and Good work so much well on Android due to the deeper integration possible in the Android. Not to mention the whole issue with downloading songs using iTunes into iOS, which is such a buzzkill. 
I am a big supporter of low-end phones like Moto G now (coming from a person who has been using Apple since >3 years). The high end phones are not worth it. They will give you the following things for 15K more of money.
1. NFC - Hardly accessible in India
2. 4G LTE - Not widely available in India - prices still high
3. Higher resolution - I mostly use my phones for reading news articles and watching HD videos- There is no need for full HD resolution in both - The internet bandwidth in India is hardly conducive to Full HD videos
4. Better battery life - I think this is the only thing in the list I would actually pay for. But in the end the trade-off comes to be like 500-800 more of mAh vs Rs. 15K. I think you could get a portable power bank for Rs. 3-4K (the best one in the market). So still Moto G wins. 
Best of luck. There's more to life than spending on extravagant phones. Play smart. Hello Moto.

-1

I ordered 2 phones  Moto G 2nd gen. Received on 25 & 28th September. I had much more expectation with MOTO G2. 
1- When i started to use phone it shut down automatically. 
2- Hearing voice use to stop after every 4-5 calls automatically, I have to restart the same after that it works but only for 4-5 calls. I was not able to receive the call.
3- Very poor battery - Charging time is more than discharging time.
4- After 7 days, hanging problem has been started. 
5- Browsing problem  buffering during 3G activation
6- Phone heating problem
7- even 25th day, a phone has been dead.  
I am really highly disappointed with MOTO G2 & dont want carry any more.  
Friends, Please avoid the phone otherwise, I promise, you will remember my words.  
I dont have any problem with flipkart, I am very old costumer of flipkart & first time I am facing such type of problem. 
I have complained in flipkart costumer care, they picked up the same for exchange. 
But exchange is not a ultimate solution, because there is some technical manufacturing fault, I am sure that itll not resolved.

1

This is a phone that i have always wanted has an amazing voice control and a lovely amount of internal storage iam typing this review from the amazing moto g 2nd gen mobile and i recommend this phone to everyone

-1

I have placed order on 9 September and the product had to delevier on 17 September. 
They asked excuses and extended my order till 5th October.Finally flipkart decided to refund my money by 15th Oct but it was not done.I had to call them they informed it will be refunded by 21st Oct but still the amount is not refunded. 
I do no when my amount will be refunded by the time my 2 emi for this product is been processed. 
This message is to all buyers from flipkart,be care full.Your money is not secure.

0

I have used two moto g2 phones for one month. These are my observations. 
Cons:
1. Phone and the charger gets heated up badly during charging. Phone screen turns hot while watching a video for few seconds. Phone usually heats up during potential activities like using camera, on call, watching videos etc. 
2. Touch sensitivity is not up to the mark. 
3. The SAR value could be higher. As a result I suffer mild headache following a phone conversation which did not happen in my Nokia and Samsung phones. So using ear phones could solve the problem. 
4. Battery consistency is extremely bad. I use my phone few mins to talk in a day, Check few mails and WhatsApp for few mins. Overall a very minimal usage and yet the battery lasts for only around 6-8 hours with full charge. 
5. The case covers and screen guards are not widely available outside. It's very expensive online. I can as well get another phone for price of a case cover. I have been visiting shops in my locality since a month. 
6. Camera quality is just OK.
7. PPI is less compared to the moto g1. So image quality appears less crisp. 
8. Looks like cheap plastic used for back case cover. Not sturdy as 1st gen. So the back case can easily break. 
Pros:
1. Good deal for this price. I got it just lesser than 10k for an offer. 
2. Bigger screen is an advantage and disadvantage at times. 
3. Not much lags and hangs till date. 
4. Front Stereo speakers are just great. 
Ultimately a good deal for this price.

1

Awesome phone no doubt, simply it is smarter than you :D but delivery time made me worry! i recommened this phone for all budget buyers who can't go for galaxy grand and something, this one is even better than those phones, trust me! :) enjoy

1

phone is great. picture quality is good. sound is little bit less. 
battery backup is average.
delivery is within 5days.

-1

Ordered this phone on 7th of Oct and did't get it till 17th which was the expected delivery date and also no body was aware in the company by what time i will be getting it...............so over all disappointed with delivery services of flipkart. They should behave like a normal store and maximum delivery time should be 6 days because festive season comes once in a year and you should be prepared with all type of arrangements for quick deliveries.

1

Bought this phone in Durga Puja... Within this budget its really a damn good phone. Features are really nice. Both the front n back Cameras are too good. But the phone needs to put in charge at least twice a day without any gaming. overall Im happy with it.

1

Got this product in Rs 11750 :) SBI debit card offer . It is simply awesome . High end smartphone . Truly satisfied .

0

Got it on 22 October. Was busy in diwali and today i got to know that there is a distortion in its speaker while making calls and also while listening music. Battery is average which is OK. Have asked for replacement and waiting what comes next.
 I think battery and speaker are its major problems as forum is blotted over with similar kind of issues with distortion in speaker.

1

It's really good mobile and less weight comparatively 1 gen. But unfortunately very delay in delivery.

-1

my motog 2 went blank by itself within a month of delivery and nowi cant even turn it back on.....................

1

I am a college student and so you can very well understand i am a power user.I was very excited regarding this phone and it has lived upto my expectations.This is a completely unbiased review of MOTO G 2nd GEN. 
1.Looks and feels premium. Erogonomically designed. Only the screen guard which came with it was not good and i replaced it.
2.Camera is very good.No complaints.
3.UI is excellent.No lags.Even when running multiple background apps.
4.Only the battery is not upto the mark. But make no mistake.1 hour of calls,20-30 pictures, 1-2 hours of net usage(2G), and another 1 hour of onscreen usage will sail you through the day with 30% of charge still left when you go to bed.
5. Those who have very sluggish internet speeds after switching to this phone...turn off location and restrict background data of Google Play Store and Google Services. You won't belive the amount of background data and battery these two consumes. 
Close you eyes and go for Moto G.
PS- Flipkart's delivery and packaging was excellent.

1

Great service Flipkart u have delivered my phone much earlier than the date specified
Now coming to the phone the phone looks premium and processing is k at this range
Pros
 Premium built quality 
 Easy to hold  
 Camera is ok 
 Display is stunning even though its 720p 
 Can play all games at medium settings 
 Stereo sound is awesome 
Con's
 The biggest con is battery life it lasts only for 3.5 hrs with heavy usage but it might change with lollipop upgrade 
 Can't able to play graphic intensive games in high settings 
 Camera can be better 
 Headphone is not at all comfortable 
 Charges too slow takes 3 hrs to charge 
 Sar value is high so talking long on this phone hurts a ear littlebit 
Overall for 13k its OK it doesn't has any heating issues like xiaomi and it has better service help than xiaomi and it is better than zenfone 5 if gaming is your thing hope my review helps u.

-1

I received the product on 21st Oct. The battery had 45% charge when I switched on the device for the first time. Will a new device generally have 45% charge ? 
I had put 8hrs charge before first time use and the next day when I try to switch on, the mobile is not switching on and when I try to charge, the device shows zero percentage and it is not charging. The 100% battery has drained out completely within one night. 
I want Flipkart to replace this defective device with the new one.

1

this is my first android phone and i m not a heavy user ,. moto g2 is really fascinating i totally loved it .. no issues , low budget phone . u can expect anything to be perfect ... everybody has discussed pros and cons .. i wont but one thing for sure u can definitely go for it

1

One of the best smart phone in this price and it works very fine.
I love it.
Camera is fantastic Screen is very nice overall phone is great.

0

after use of 5 days mobile start to hang,its camera remain on even i switch off mobile then i demand for replacement.
i god replacement but this time with new problem,tool bar is not working properly. i suggest u think before buy this

-1

The product is good. This rating is for flipkart. on 10-Oct-2014, they were cheating all their customers..

1

User interface, graphic, camera, screen resulution & look and feel is so good. speaker sound is one of the best fetures of this phone. bt headphone sound is below expection and battery backup not so good.
otherwise i m not getting any issue yet.

1

Motorola already made a comeback in the Indian market with the Moto G. And with Moto G(2nd Gen) they have only done better. With the pure stock Android KitKat performance is absolutely hassle-free. The phone glides through multi-tasking and once in a blue moon will you feel a hitch. Display is crisp and bright. Camera is absolutely good. And it comes with an SD card slot. All in all a fully paisa vasool fone for it's price and competition.
P.S.- Review written after 20 days of usage. But the experience is completely satisfactory.

1

Flip kart's products are 100% genuine and are of great quality..
 i bought a moto g2 mobile and got a offer of airtel 3G data per month for 2 months while buying it....but still i didn't get that offer...Apart from this evrything is perfect... I hope they will solve my problem asap .. :)

1

I purchased this phone for my younger brother. This is his first Android phone ever.  
What I like about Moto G is that Motorola is giving a very balanced phone at a very nice base price. It has all the essentials one would absolutely want from an Android phone but it doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  
The biggest problem with Android is that it gets slow over time. I don't know if that will happen with Moto G also or not as this is yet to be seen. This is an inherent Android problem and not of this hardware because Windows Phone based on same hardware such as Lumia 730 works really fast.  
With the Android problem aside, this phone is good enough for anyone. It comes with a really good and sharp screen at near Retina Display quality with 1 GB RAM which is enough in Android for light use with 2, 3 apps running in background. At fresh boot with nothing installed this phone had only 370 MB RAM left which is something I find bad. The OS and Motorola bundled services are eating too much RAM and very less is left for user's own apps.  
The camera is a standard 8 MP camera. It takes good pictures in well lit conditions. I haven't been able to test low light picture quality.  
Audio quality from earphones or Bluetooth handsfree is also fine.  
It is big due to a lot of bezel around the screen. Motorola needs to reduce this in Moto G 3rd generation. Also, 5" screen is too much. A 4.5" screen size with higher PPI or AMOLED screen which further reduces battery consumption which is what I would recommend. No need to give gigantic screen sizes, if you want that, launch another phone between Moto G and Moto X. Keep Moto G at 4.5" screen size as not everyone wants a gigantic phone.  
I purchased a Sandisk Ultra 16 GB MicroSD card for this phone as it is good enough to keep music, pictures and videos. I only keep apps in the phone memory.  
The battery could have been better. Android is anyway not good with battery life.  
I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a good enough and fast Android phone at a justified price.

1

First of all I have to tell that FLIPKART you are too bad ,I have never seen like you. I order this item on 6 October, 2014 8:57 AM. and I got this on Tue, 14th Oct. Very long , very long.
Day by day flipkart is going to be a worst online site.
ok, now come to the point .I have recently use moto g (2nd gen). Its awesome but its media files system is not good.. while I use samsung.. all songs movie systematically stores.  
thats all.. rest of all its awesome mind blowing..

1

Good battery backup with any hanging issue...Decent camera.....
overall nice phone ....value for money....

1

I use to be a Moto fanatic when I used back to back Flip,Razr,Rockr. But I can proudly say the lot of cell phones Ive used (Almost all apart from Iphone and Blackberry) this is a dream. In this price tag Im getting an amazer. 
1. Display  9/10
2. Performance  10/10
3. Sound  10/10 (Use a quality headphone)
4. Looks  12/10 (My god its looks amazingly awesome)
5. Brand  Moto is back and I cannot give this company a bad review.
All together if you are looking to by an awesome (even Iphone), drop everything get this. Moto G 2 ROCKS.

1

I bought this phone on Sept 12 and received it on 14th. I waited a month to write a review so I could see how the phone works after it is not so brand new.  
I can now say this phone is pretty awesome. I am not having any problems with the battery backup. It lasts almost a full day with moderate usage. If I have WiFi on, it lasts a little less, but still gets me through the day. 
There is no File Manager, you need to get another third party app for that like ES File Explorer. Android is as stock as it could get. No bloatware at all.  
Now it's time for the Games. Not just normal ones but heavy games. I play Asphalt 8, FIFA 14 and FIFA 12; and it all runs butter smooth. The RAM is only 1GB, but it still manages to run the game smoothly.  
The only problem with the 1GB RAM is that multitasking is a little harder. The phone is hell bent on killing apps, so if you have more than 4 apps on, 1 would be killed by the time you open it. Nothing big, though.  
Headphones are great.  
One problem is that we can't change the Notification LED Light.  
Overall, a pretty good phone. I would recommend it to anyone.

-1

The phone is really pathetic, the performance is excellent, doesnt lag, but what about battery,..?? it takes 5.30hrs for the battery to get completely charged, and phone gets hot like anything, even the phone is not on charging it gets hot, and battery drains damn fast it doesn't even last for 15hrs..

-1

i bought this phone on the big billion day on exchange of my old phone after two days while recieving a call no voice or sound was coming from the earpiece nor from the speaker after rebooting it solved the problem .The next day while clicikng a pic the camera flash wouldnt go off even after powering down the device after rebooting and clicking on the camera app stopped it.Other than those bug the phone is great

-1

Battery consumption during Standby is very poor. Drains out nearly 40% from full charge at night. Morning I have to charge again. 
Even the day to day battery performance is poor. with Wi-Fi and normal usage, it hardly come for a day.

1

phn is awesome man 
i have done lots of research before buying this phn but some said its a HEATER PHONE some says BATTERY DRAIN some says BACK COVER IS NOT GOOD 
but IN THE END all this is fake and lie 
i am giving this review after 21 days of use 
PHONE IS AWESOME no heating issue no battery drain and no problem with back cover \
its depend how you use it if you use 
if you do high gaming for half and hour i bet there is no phn that will heat.even htc top phn also get heat up 
in this price range this phn fits best in your hand 
dont go for micromax and asus or any other i suggest you to buy this the build quality is superior man i love this phn 
and in the end the service of flipkart are awesome deliver in time ...
rate 5/5

-1

The item received has a Big Blue dark circle on the screen, I have raised a complain for the replacement. after 4 days the replacement status has changed to rejected due to isse resolved between buyer and seller. But actually the issue is not resolved. No body from the flipkart contacted me to resolve issue. Feeling like sick. No body is there to listen. Although, I have flipkart first service but phone is not getting connected to customer care after this incidence. Have waited for more than 15 minutes but it doesnt get connect.

1

This is my First Android phone.
Touch is good. Nice Camera
Also available to play high graphic games like Real Racing 3,Asphalt 3 
Play 1080p videos without any lag.
But taking long time in battery Charging battery.
All other thing is Ok for me.
Now waiting for Android L update.

1

At first MOTO E and now I'm using MOTO G 2gen. 
Looks:-9/10
Sound:- 8/10
Performance:- 10/10
Video PlayBack :- 10/10
Touch:-100/10(if possible) :)
Camera:-7/10
Front Camera:- 8/10
Battery Backup:- 8/10
Headphone:-2/10( quality is too bad like all MOTO h.ph, good things is, you can use any 3.5mm jack h.ph for your MOTO)
Gorila Glass 3 is superb! You never find it on any hifi Samsung or any phone.
Game Performance:-10/10
Application Startup:-10/10
Net Surfing Performance:-10/10
Usable Features:-9/10 
Flipkart support & delivery etc:- 10/10
Flipkart deliver my Moto 5days before of Target Date. From the Buying process to Delivery, all the time flipkart support me & resolve my whole query. LOVE YOU FLIPKART!

-1

I had personally used Moto G that my sis bought and was happy to see such good quality in that price. the only flaw was he 5 mp camera. Moto G 2 went a step ahead with 8mp cam. so I booked it just the moment I realized it was released. Despite specifications being almost same the phone dint please me. 
The Camera has some issues and goes off /needs restart of phone every now and then. also the auto flash does not work at times.
the sim slot also seem to have prob. It all of a sudden disables my sim. this is really irritating.
the touch also does not work properly at times specially while typing and playing games.
Flipkart please suggest a appropriate action as I am really disappointed with the problems.

1

I ordered this product On 13nth of october.The delivery date for me was 25 of october but I got it in just 2 days after my order.Flipkart delivery is really fast.
Now about MOTO G 2nd generation,It is a nice product by motorola.The 5 inch screen is stunning.The performance of the processor is excellent.No lags while switvhing between apps.Camera quality is also nice.

1

Overall Phone is superb under 15k but major problem of Battory Backup & Mobile Get's Hot after some time use, Camera is very good with additional Panaroma Function...
One star less because of only battory problem...

0

New 2nd gen moto g adopted the design of moto e but in my view i like the old moto g. The stripes at the top and bottom are just poor in quality , looks like plastic not even close to the quality of moto e. what more!! in less than a week its touch respone is gone and i got replaced by a new one!!thanks flipkart for that!!but i expected more from this phone and i am really disappointed!! :(

-1

in moto 2nd generation head phone quality is very - very poor. its working just like Chinese mobile head phone

1

it looks stunning... camera is gud ... didnt find any lags... most of all m a gamer so, i recommend dis phone to all the gamer. runs modern combat 5, ashpalt 8, the amazing spiderman 2 smooth like a butter... thank god i picked dis phone over samsung s4...saved my money .. a lot

1

Moto G 2nd gen is one of the best phone in this Budget and also far better than Samsung series as moto g gives latest android update. and i must say Motorola come with a bang in the market. I say must phone for android user in this budget.

-1

Issue in speaker,
Call back is not working,
Feeling headache.
Photo clarity is not good,
2G is very slow.
In remore area, If we have 2 signals out of five, we can't receive or dial a call.

1

Hello every body. I purchased this phone after vigorous survey of mobile phones in the price range. What I observed is that this product is ultimate with all features which a 20K and above mobiles are providing at a price of 13K. 
Pros: 1. Huge internal memory of more than 13 GB in 16 GB. 2. Excellent photos 3. Best User Interface (even a child can handle the features). 4. Can handle even the hardcore games like Real Racing 3 without any issues. 5. External memory with a capacity of upto 32 GB. 6. Dual speakers with good output. I installed mx player, a free app from playstore through which the sound is mind blowing. 7. Direct access to google drive, google photos. So we can have cloud store of more than 15 GB of data.
Cons : 1. No NFC 2. Battery capacity of 2070 mah could have been a little higher. If we use wifi or play games, battery life is around 6 to 8 hours. Otherwise approx 16 hrs.3. No USB cable provided. Not even screen guard is provided with the product. 4. No file manager. I had to install a free app called ES file explorer which is a very EXCELLENT one. 
Finally, the service of flipkart is appreciated. Within 2 days, I got the product. Immediately on unboxing and inserting SIM, all recent software updates got installed. Really nice. Best buy for the price tag. You will definetely like the product. Go for it.

-1

I have lost my trust on Flipkart. 
This review is not about the product, its about Flipkart. I have ordered the product on 12th Oct 2014, it was delivered on 13th Oct because I have opted for "Flipkart First" subscription for Rs 500/- a year. 
When I opened the package, first thing that strikes is mobile has a scratch guard on it which doesn't have the logo of Motorola which you normally get when you purchase a product in a sealed pack condition. I have purchased Moto e and couple of my friends have purchased Moto G from Flipkart but all had that logo on the scratch guard. Which means I had been provided a refurbished product which someone might have returned. 
It was not at all expected from Flipkart, when we are rooting for them against some foreign biggies, they shouldn't fool their customers like this. If you really want to sell refurbished product then you better list it out on your website. 
When I contacted their Customer Care in the middle of night after identifying the fraud, instead of immediately taking the replacement request all they did was take the request for a call back from their technical team. While today on 14th Oct when I again contacted them, another executive placed the replacement request immediately.
Since I have already subscribed for the in a day delivery, the least I'm expecting is they provide a brand new product in a day which is 14th Oct or latest by 15th Oct afternoon. 
However, here onwards I would think twice before ordering anything from Flipkart.
There is no need to hold a "Big Billion Day", just give us good offers and good service and stop cheating. 
Hoping to get a brand new product "In a Day". 
- A Pissed Off Customer

1

Small budget.... Go For this if u have budget issue & If u r dad not gonna pay for this..... Worth the each penny invested on this one... have used Grand 2.. but this is far better in terms of Speed & clarity...
Sound is not amazing as I m using Sony ZX100A but still do not have issue as songs downloaded on 320 Kbps Bit rate are good ...
Camera just awesome... but the best part... Yes it is in Budget

1

Hi...I'm not a guy who writes reviews but this is something I had to tell you about..
First of all,HATS OFF TO FLIPKART....I told them to prioritise my order just because I had to go out of town and they listened to me....expected date of delivery -24th Oct 21014,
Order recieved-13th October....AWESOME!
now the phone...
1.The screen looks awesome!
2.I have installed a lot of apps on this phone and haven't faced any kinds of lags till now.....
3.The camera quality is decent....
4.The Motorola dimple on the back is something I like
Just a suggestion for people who's sims aren't working..there is a click sound when you put the sim inside....so its like putting an SD card....so its not a big deal.. . 
Its a bang for the buck....BUY THIS PHONE!!

1

I bought this product from Flipkart recently and it has proved to be a worthy buy. The camera is really good (especially the slo mo video capture in 720p) with all the features mentioned in the specifications area and the the 1.2GHz processor with the 1GB RAM works perfectly. The phone is fast. Touch has a little bit of problem. The only drawback is that the battery is poor. Even though 2070mAh sounds pretty cool and fancy but the battery hardly lasts 12 hours. Even without playing any games and with battery saver on, I'm having to charge the device around twice a day. But overall with all the specs the phone is worth the money. The pulse notification light is handy. I'll say buy it.

-1

Have ordered Moto G under exchange scheme on so called big billion day and got my order delivered on 11/10 however as soon as opened the phone to my shock it seems to be the used one moreover defective display, have quickly called up customer care and placed the return request. However, flipkart seems to be taking their on sweet time to cater the request. Still waiting to get some kind of response from flipkart.

-1

Just yesterday evening i received my newly purchased moto g 2nd
generation mobile. Now, whenever i make
a phone call my ears hear this buzzy speaker sound effected by the
frequency of the call. Exactly Like the sound made by a speaker when a
mobile phone rings near it. Do you get it ? So, the front speaker of
the moto g makes that buzzy noise due to the call's frequency. Hope i
am successful enough to make you understand my problem. Its very
irritating listening to it continuously each and every time i make a
call. I urge flipkart to either refund my money or replace this faulty phone.

1

At first I was really disappointed about this phone as I received a defective product....But thanks to Flipkart and its awesome service, my phone got replaced.
Must say a one of the best phone available in market at this price range.You won't find any good branded mobile under this range with so many functions. 
Features that needs special mention :
--------------------------------------------------
* Super cool and sleek design. [gave a wow feeling when i opened the box]
* Crisp 5' HD display(720p).
* Camera - 8MP takes pics with good clarity; 2MP - great selfie.
* Speakers - Simply superb - Literally blown away by the Stereo speakers - Awesome !!
* 16 GB internal memory + Micro SD card slot.
* Android 4.4.4 with sure upgrade to "Android L".
* Quad core speed - tried few games
If you use Moto G flip cover then thats gonna blow your mind...it makes your mobile look like a premium phone and believe me you don't wanna take your eyes off this phone. 
The grip is classy and its sleek design gives you a WOW feeling. 
Must say Motorola has done a good job with MOTO G 2nd Gen, and 
Flipkart hats off to your service for such a good response and fast delivery.....
Thank you Flipkart !!

1

Working a 10 hour Shift Job on a freshers salary, I research the products I buy before I do get them. 
Most of the Review I read told me that the Phone display is not so Great or that the battery wont last long, and that the phone over heats ! 
Phone's display is amazing. You wont even notice the drop in pixel density !  
The 5 inch screen is really good.  
I cannot boast about the phones I've owned over the days, but from the Experience that I have using phones that belong to my friends , I can tell you that If you are looking for a phone below 15,000. Go for the 2nd Gen Moto G !  
I know there is HTC and other phones which are way better, but there is something about the Moto G that makes it a dependable phone. 
The feeling that you have holding it in your hands, Knowing that a fall or a hit wont break it so easily. 
Let me break it down in native review language  
Pros 
**********************
1) The feeling of Holding it in your hand.
2) The screen is far better than advertised by the reviewers.
3) Have you tried MACRO Photography using the camera ? BRILLIANT ! 
4)The speakers are Good -- > Not great -- > but better than those who complain( Sometimes it good for people to understand that the sound that comes out of those speakers also depend on the file type , the bit rate of what you play). 
Also about the speakers , True stereo (Nothing compared to HTC) but worth the money ! 
5) The feel Good factor :) 
Cons ---- NO , I wont call it that, Things to Improve 
************************************************************* 
1) Battery  
People who just got the phone like me tend to use if for hours on end, without giving the phone a break ----> The battery wont last long -- > 6 to 7 hours MAX !  
People who have used it for a month now , finally giving the new phone a rest --- > Battery might last a whole day , If you are at work and rarely get time to play around with the phone, Then I'm sure It will last an Entire day . 
Battery Could have been better .  
On a final note,  
I love the phone. Its everything that I have paid for and more.  
Thank you Motorola for this amazing Handset !

1

i Bought it 18 days back, but i dnt know why after an software update my phones touch screen was hanging a lot, and the wort thing happend it stopped working, but the good part is is , i called in flipkart helpline, they agreed to replace my phone, with a new phone, because of 30 day replacement warranty, thanks flipkart, i hope i will recieve it soon.

1

i received the product within 2 days after ordering
Good camera
Good sound 
Good display
Good call quality
Decent battery backup

1

I just got my Moto G 2nd gen phone yesterday from flipkart, and I am loving it. Let me tell you that I just upgraded from a Sony W8 which I have been using for last 3 years. So my jump was pretty huge. From Android 2.1 to Kitkat. 128mb ram to 1GB, and a lot of other features. I also intend to keep this phone as long as the previous one. 
I loved the kitkat version and since Moto G would be one of the first phones to get the Android L upgrade coming this month, I am more excited.  
Display : Screen is amazing. Pretty clear, and resolution is perfect. Brightness is not a matter of concern.
Performance : Based on one day i would say much, but the screen toggle and app opening has been pretty smooth. Games like Asphalt 8 ran quite decently.
Wifi and my 2G worked well, giving good speed for net usage. I was happy with it. touch is also smooth. Felt no lags yet.
Camera: well I lost interest in phone cameras some time ago. It is not that great, but not bad too. The settings look very mediocre, and they could have had more features I guess.
Front camera was quite decent. I took a few good selfies with it. 
Music: The sound is a bit disappointing even with the dual stereo speakers. The headphones are also very normal, and the earpiece don't fit well in my ears.
Storage : 16 gb internal memory of which 12.79 gb is for user. I have used up 3 gb for apps already, but another 9gb free is quite good. Also have a 32 gb expandable external slot.
 Battery: I charged till 100 and used wifi continuously for 14 hours till it drained out completely. Then I started charging again and its taking quite some time. Well its a new battery too. But I have o wait before i comment more about battery here.
The charger is a single piece which i didnt like, unlike the usb to micro usb connector types. 
Doesnt come with other accesories like tv connector etc like old mobiles did, but I never used them anyways. Neither did they feel obliged to add in one extra shell. We have to pay almost 1k extra for that. 
But all in all I am impressed with the phone, as I am guessing its performance is in par with some of the higher end phones, with double or triple its price. 
Received the phone from Flipkart without much hassle in 2 days. 
Update after 3 days :
---------------------------- 
The performance of the phone is just awesome. I have been playing games like Asphalt 8 for the whole day and it seldom hangs for a moment or show lags. But it does heat up, but I think that is to be expected.  
But the battery is a great disappointment. Candy Crush 'crushes' it in 3-4 hours itself. With other games like Asphalt and Temple Run, it does give some more, but still you can expect only about 6 hours and around. Otherwise you get a whole day if you are not so active on the phone with wifi. Wifi drains the battery too.That's a bit of a disappointment in the battery side. Battery-saver switches off wifi on its own. For a person like me who buys a new phone once in 4-5 years, I think battery is a prime criteria. So taking off a star. 
Calls are clear and decent. Internet is fast. Screen is smooth.

-1

Now u nuts started freaking out customers.. Y did u dispatched the product through First Flight courier now? One of d worst courier in d country .. Trying to save some bucks?? Wat happen to Bluedart courier? At least I can track easily.. Bloody hell knows if I will get the product within a month! 
@already very much irate with ur services.

1

Ordered it from flipkart on 3rd of october and received it by 7th of November. 
Everything was fine. No defects found when I opened the package. Best thing about this phone is that it works without any lag. You can experience heavy games like Arkham origins, Modern Combat, Dead Trigger, Asphalt 8 ,etc. 2mp front camera is good and the Primary camera is equipped with 8mp with flash so it gives you a boost in this budgeted phone.
Also the phone is quipped with Qualcomm quad core processor and you get a internal memory of 16gb ( 5 gb shared so that makes it to 11 gb approx). Sound Quality is also nice.
Must buy. Overall flipkart service always rocksss ... keep it up guys

1

Nice phone
i am using it from last 15 days...and its really good...
7 days ago i got software update....
i never got any problem....
but battery backup is not so good..i have to charge it at the end of the day...
all and all it's paisa vasool phone...

1

Got Delivery before the expected date. This Phone is giving an open challenge to Samsung and Sony. If anybody is planning to buy phone on this Diwali (A precious Occasion ) Close your eyes and click on buy. You all are absolutely going to love this phone. 
Camera: 9.5/10
Working: 9/10
Processor: 9/10
Price:10/10 ( No Branded Company is giving such awesome phone )
Model: 9/10
handy: 9/10
Motorola Software: 10/10 
Finally Last word awesomenessssssssss love this phone really

1

I am happy with this product. 
Battery is GOOD. With normal use you will get easily 1day backup. 
Camera quality is superb as compare to other 8mp camera.
Touch response and performance is also good. 
No lag while playing games and HD videos.
Sound quality is superb. 
RAM is showing 850mb, what is the problem Motorola ? why 100mb less ? It should be 950mb. 
Overall the product is good. 
If you want to buy a product for its quality in this range and do not want to visit the service center after few months, then buy Moto. You will also get the Nexus type feelings in this range.

1

Here are the first impressions -  
1. Screen: Nice, crisp and vivid. With Snapdragon 400, I guess 720p makes more sense than 1080p. It is 5 inches in size but feels compact and usable in single hand.
2. Performance: Android 4.4.4 comes pre-installed. Lag-free so far. Runs Riptide GP pretty well. Should run all games meant for Snapdragon 400. MS Office, Facebook and Google Drive all work fast and fine. 
3. Sound: The front dual speakers are awesome. Very nice sound. 
4. Camera: 8 MP main cam & 2 MP front. Very good snaps so far both indoors and outdoors. Got only 20 mins to experiment :)
5. Call quality: 2 mics with noise cancellation and a loud speaker! Feels good.
6. Micro SD Slot: This is the greatest inclusion. Moto G sorely missed that. Good option.
7. It's a good deal. The Moto + Google combination is working out for the masses!

1

I ordered Moto G 2nd generation from my flipkart account with this mail address on 21st sept. Got it on 23rd, nice phone, i got the black one, it looks premium. Nice to hold in hand. No lag even on highest game settings. I tried Fifa 15, Call of Duty, NFS MW, Real Racing 3 
Only con is the battery, while writing this review battery drops from 35% to 27% in 2G with no app in background (I am using Greenify). This is horrible. 
All going good except the battery but just after opening the back cover twice for incerting sim & sd card, the backcover become loose. Now its making terrible "kat kat" noise while holding it in hand.  
I called flipkart on 1800####, tell them. They say its my mistake that i opened it in wrong way. 
But lol i am a gadget freak. I owned htc desire 816, nexus 4, galaxy s duos, galaxy tab 2, Canvas hd.... I hav two tech blogs for reviewing gadgets & a quite popular YouTube channel. 
I checked the unboxing many times, read manual book only then i have opened the back panel very carefully. 
I never expect this from flipkart. Highly disappointed.

1

Best phone , can play games like Real Racing 3 , Asphalt 8 wwithout any lag, but after the recent update it hangs at times

1

Motorola changed the Indian Mobility Market completely with the All New Moto G 2nd Generation with Awesome Features. It will fulfil the needs of every Indian in Mobility World. Thank You Motorola and My Favourite Online Shopping Portal FLIPKART.
THE BEST MOTOROLA MOTO SERIES :) :)

1

The first Moto G2 phone which was shipped to me had a flaw. Upon encryption, the earpiece would stop working. I however received a prompt replacement from Flipkart. Thank you !!!  
I have been on the replaced device for only 3 days now. 
Considering the price I paid for the phone ( INR12,999 ) a quick rundown of the few , but significant items. 
1) Call quality: 4/5
2) 3G vs 2G reception: Unsure if this is the network provider's issue. VoIP apps drops the connection frequently. Will post an update after extended use.
3) Overall feel & build quality : 4/5
4) Camera : 4/5 . I like the built in HDR feature. You can switch between 16:9 (6 Megapixels) and 4:3 mode (8 Megapixels )
5) Pre-loaded apps: No bloatware that unlike some Korean manufacturers. 
6) Battery: Lasts all day, with 3G tuned on and occasional WiFi use
7) Screen : 4/5 
Overall : 4 on 5

1

I am using this phone since a month. I switched from galaxy s3 which was giving me battery problems and the screen quality seemed to be degrading.  
Buy this phone for :- 
1. Excellent value for money
2. Great build quality
3. Expandable memory with usable internal memory of 12 gb is just awesome 
4. Fast processing - no lags at all even in demanding games
5. Decent camera
6. Decent battery life - i get 3-3.5 hours of on-screen time with 22+ hours on single charge on single sim...almost same as s3
6. Vanilla android, minimal bloatware - higher free ram
7. Screen quality - i dont find any significant difference coming from s3 ( honestly never liked the over saturated colours on s3)
8. Good sound from front dual speakers 
9. Touch response is good 
Falls short in :-
1. 1 gb ram is not good enough for multi-tasking..1.5 gb ram at least would have been better. For e.g. when running chrome, poweramp consistently shuts down
2. Camera could have been better, s3 camera was better
3. Battery non-removable - if your device stops responding u may have a tough time 
Overall, it is a budget phone which will definitely not disappoint. Take my word I don't miss my galaxy S3 after getting this beast. Go get it.

1

hi all,
i bought this phn the phone is excellent pleasure to use..
i advice u to go for this one only coz no co. give this much features in this price range. 
the same featured sony c3 is at 22500 
no need to spend tht much money its better to go fr moto g 2nd gen

-1

I received the 2nd Gen Moto G. It was showing some issues with Battery and Charger.
Charger is he 'white' coluored one giving with new MotoG2. I had full charged it for more than 8 hrs continuously and started using over wifi. I haven't inserted any SIM in the first day. After charging I put for idle one night. Next day when I tried to switch on it, it was not turned on. I got wondered. Later charged it for 5-10 minutes and i could able to switch-on it. I found that the battery dried up fully. I had connected the charger till full charging again and repeated the same case of previous day. Even in stand by not getting at least 12hrs battery backup without running any applications. The applications were running only the default apps coming with the phone. 
Another thing I noticed is charger is getting overheated always. White colour charger is not upto he expected standards. 
Most amazingly I had tried to connect this via USB cable to my laptop. 
While connecting to USB , its univeral law that the device getting charged from the desktop/laptop. But this device is not charging here also. 
Other than I haven't fined any issues with the product, but remember that I didnt install any application or used this much. 3 days I spent to check the charging nature of the device. 
Placed a request to replace this, but flipkart customer service is also not feels good. hey have tried me twice in the contact number and the conenction was not good from their end. Later no response.

1

Pros: 
Comfortable in the hand, display is clear, loud speakers.
Native Android OS 4.4.4 without too many extras like in some other phones as micromax.
Moto Assist is nice inbuilt app that can be helpful in automatically changing the setting from ring to silent depending on your calender. 
Cons:
Camera APP is not comfortable to use. I had to download Google Camera, but that hangs sometimes.
The inbuilt dialler is not user friendly and you might need to download a dialler app that suits you.
Battery may be an issue if you are continuously on games. Though after initial first few overnight charge cycles the battery run longer.
Touch Sensitivity on phone for most part is good, but sometimes it seems to think I have tapped the phone rather slide it. 
I would still give this phone a 4 Rating as some of the cons may be removed when OS is upgraded to Android L.

1

First About Flipkart:Kudos Flipkart For Delivering Product In 6 Days.Thank You So Much.I Have Learnt How Fast Are You In Delivering Product.Redeined Your Business Strategy.Keep It Up
Coming To Con's And Pro's
Pro'S:
1.Build Quality Is Good And It Looks Fantastic In Hands Very Comfortable In Hands Rather Than "Zenfone 5"
2.Touch Is Sensitive
3.Camera Clarity Is Superb And It's Also Good In Low Light
4.Stereo Speakers Are Smooth
5.Call Quality Is Good
6.No Lagging And No Heating Too
7.Battery Backup Is Good
8:There Is a Update For Android L.I Am So Happy For This
Con's:
1.Ram Must Be Increased
2.Data Cable And Good Earphones Must Be Included
Note:There Is Difference Between Asus Zenfone 5 And Motorola Moto G(2nd Gen) In Specs.Zenfone 5 Has More Ram And Processor.But It's A Bullshit Phone No Battery Backup And Uncomfortable To Use.I Also Used Zenfone 5 That's Why I Am Saying That
If I Have To Choose Which Phone In Both I Will Go For Moto G Blindly And Damn Surely.Totally It's A Cool Phone And Decent Phone.Go For It Without Any Doubt.

-1

First of all Thanks to Flipkart for such a good service. I ordered this mobile on 26th Sept and received it on 27th Sept. 
Moto G2... this phone is HOT... yup very hoooot. 
1st Day Experience:
It became hot at rear camera after 5 minutes usage. Not able to hold it even.
Camera clarity disappointed. 
2nd Day Experience:
Downloaded few apps(VLC, whatsApp, Flash light, subway surf, temple run)
Took 3 snaps.
Again heating problem at rear camera. Not able to hold it. 
3rd Day Experience:
No File manager exist inbuilt so downloaded File Manager App.
Copied 800mb movie & 150mb song(both HD clarity)
Both haven't run with inbuilt app. Used VLC to play them.
Noticed a lag while running 800mb file movie. No lag with 150mb file.
After 10 mins usage of Wifi & playing 10 mins video phone became hot again. 
Today's(4th Day) Experience:
Heating problem is same, it becomes very hot at rear camera after 10 mins usage.
Surprisingly Pics quality increased, both rear & front cams giving good clarity pics. 
Heating Heating Heating...
No USB cable provided.
Headphones are normal, not in-ear, quality is average.
No File Manager & Menu button provided inbuilt.(Can't do multiple deletions or selection)
Two speakers, but Stereo speakers, sound is OK.
No secondary mic, no noice control, pic & video clarity is just OK.
Inbuilt battery(for me I am normal user so Satisfied)
Except the above
5" inch screen is very cool.. 
good clarity, good touch, good design, good memory, 
kitkat, 8MP 2MP Camera, good browsing experience, 
gaming experience is very satisfied, 
I dont recommend this coz what is the use of having so many features... this heating problem is irritating & burning my hand after every 10 - 15 mins of usage. Not even able to hold it or keep in pocket.

1

Namaskara to all,  
I am using mobile since 15 days now , you guys know about the good features of moto g , i will say negatives of moto g , cos when i was buying i used to see about the negatives then positives. 
1- batttery will lasts only for 5-6 hours if you use it heavily i mean games, wifi, Bluetooth, live wallpaper, etc etc .. all at once, else it last for about 17-18 hours may be more if u use it as a basic set. 
2- charging from 0-100% takes 3-4 hours , this is what is upsetting, i think its normal to all moto g, but again it not a problem, if you are't a hardcore user. 
3- If the moto g heats up using it heavily back of camera will be heated u can feel it, tho it is not like you cant hold it , but you can experience bit of more than normal heat. 
4- back cover cases is so expensive from moto , hope the piece should be reduce. 
PS :- Flipkart delivered with in 9 hours ! wow thats great, not a word for flipkart. 
Hope i helped you.
Regards

-1

I got Moto G 2nd Gen and found Worst battery ever. It took 3.5 to 4.5 hour to get full charge and If you are surfing internet on phone then Battery don't last more then 6 hours. WORST PRODUCT!!! WORST PRODUCT!!! WORST PRODUCT!!!

-1

Erost product i ever seen...nothing audible i this device.plz don't buy this item plz,,,,,,,
this mobile lastweek it contains many problems auto restart problem, heating, network problem.

1

worth its cost, a bit heavy
screen is quite good, audio quality and battery back up is good.
Advantage of memory expansion....
better to take one instead of waiting for mi3 flash sale!!!!

1

a premier phone for the people who wants to buy under Rs15000.. every thing is classy...just the sound should be more refined when playing songs..rest is fine

1

Value for money ...don't think.. just buy it....
all good ..go-ahead..
nice camera...16 gb is must now a days...
HD display...FM options...nice audio quality
5 Inch display which looks good....

-1

I am satisfied with the product features..But the battery back up was very poor. During the usage of 2G and 3G the battery with stand only 2 to 3 hrs. 
While watching MX player also the battery with stand 2 hrs. Appart from there was no issue to be found.

1

I think this is one of the best phone in this range. Display is far better than Samsung phone go for it

1

Loving it so far... 
1. Smooth and responsive. No problem whatsoever
2. Very good camera for the prices. Very good quality day shots and good shots in night also. LED flash is very good. The camera sometimes hangs and the LED does not go off in which case you have to power off but it is a rare event.
3. Voice quality in recording is hard to believe 
The earphones provided could have been better and the USB transfer cable which was missing would have made the deal even better but nonetheless overall I am highly satisfied with the product so far...

1

moto g 2nd gen is a good smartphone in this price range.but this is an some problem in battery chaging .good thing is hd display
good in this phone:-
1. display
2. features
3. hardware
4. sound quality is brilliant
5. camera
6. storage capacity (11.5 gb user) 
bad in this phone 
1. batterry charging time (4.5 hours)
2. no data cable (inc. in box assesari)
3. call voice not clear
4. in this price not enough

-1

Compared to other phones, battery back up is not good. When phone is on idle mode, the battery is discharging like anything. Wherever you go, take the charger and power bank with you.

1

no other phone could actually compete with this phone in this price list
coming to asus zenfone 5 :-
1>asus has brightness level 100 = brightness level 40 of moto g2
2>sound from the speakers is very low in case of asus , where as in moto g2 , it has dual stereo speakers. in other words moto g2 is one of the loudest speaker phones in the market.
3>moto g2always updated to latest android , 'cause it's a google company phone .
4>u don't have to worry about the ram usage in moto g2, even though u have only 1 gb of ram in it, u can play games, do multitasking , do what ever u want
remember this phone is a google phone , it is highly safe to move around with your phone than to move with asus phone.
except for the processor speed , u won't see any backlog in this phone .
this is exceptionally a needed phone for all mid range smartphone users
that completes my review 
if u find my review useful, please like it

0

Hi ..just today I got my motog second gen ..it still looks good (I have been using the original motog) .the biggest shock was the speakers were not good at all.i tried playing same song in both motog and moto g second gen.to my surprise the sound quality and the strength go the music was better in the moto g first gen. flipkart/users please let me know if there is some issue with my handset or this is the problem with all the handsets. It is surprising as the second gen comes with two speakers and I read good reviews about it. 
Also the charger is like first gen and still there is no USB chord.
Other than that I haven't faced any other issue.
the phone size looks great and there is no lag.moto migrate rocks..camera picture was also nice and clear...

0

this phone is out standing and all features are very good. 
There are many complain for its hands-free set, sound quality is not good even it get stacked in hear and while calling some one it is worst to use  
Even Bluetooth is not up to the mark and it is not getting connected with my car calling system 
company has invented very good thing but need to improve only two things 
Chintan

-1

Hi i ordered it on 9th sep 
I was impressed by motorola g succes and thot moto g 2nd gen could be my primary phone 
I got it next day thanks to flipkart speedy delivery . 
I started using it looked great crisp screen better than my note 2 
Pros 
Fast
Smooth 
Ckear display 
Bad
Touchrenn was not well calibrated
It clucked away from where i clicked
I could not type well
I was not able to pull notification drawer
All this was giving me headache in 3 days 
Its not expected to spend 13k on a puece of junk touchscreen 
I asked for a replacement flipkart kindly provided it... I was thinking it was end of my bad exp with moto g. 
Replacement i received freezed wenever screen got locked 
Each time had to lock and unlock 
To make it work it had responsive touchscreen better than 1st  
3rd day the phone completely froze and i was unable to unlock it 
I tried safe mode remived sim reset the device 
But it still hanged a lot 
It only wirked better wen i had no lock set 
Harowwed by getting second bad touch screen phone i was baffled 
How can get defective screen 2 times in a row 
I lost trust in motorola reading many negative and real issues 
I asked flipkart for refund and got refunded feel good to get rid of moto g 
5 stars to flipkart
0 stars to moto g 
1 star to this product coz of flipkart 
Thanks a lot flipkart for quick redressal of my issue ... Even thpugh i saw many complaining i was worried ... Hats of to flipkart..

1

First of all, thanks to Flipkart. Delivery was fast, packaging was very good and product is in ideal condition. Keep it up guys :)
Now coming to the product itself. I received it yesterday, I found this phone to be very good. All the praises everywhere around about the resurgence of Motorola and the positive reviews were the reasons for me to opt for the 2nd gen Moto G (and my budget too :P). And I must say, even after such huge expectations, I'm not disappointed. No need for me to delve into the specifications, as Flipkart has summarised them very well. Till now, I haven't found any problems worth writing about. But there's just one problem with Android Kitkat (it's not a con of this phone, mind it). You cannot set the default memory for your bluetooth transfers to your external SD card. All the files are occupying the internal storage, and I can't even move the files later to the external SD card (I'm using Androzip file manager). This is the only con that I found till now. Everything else is great. Highly recommended for those who want to buy a smartphone under 15k. :)

1

Flipkart delivery was awesome , got the phone next day itself. Now coming to the phone.
After using the phone for about a week i must say its a charm...Feels good in hand.
Display is brilliant and plays videos with great clarity
1 gb ram + Snapdragon processor does not make any kinds of lags atleast on the basic usage.
I haven't tried gaming yet but im sure this phone can handle high end games.
OK google works perfectly
Camera is awesome..both front and back camera are good
Good internal storage...SD card expandability is also there..SO plenty of memory available.
Latest version of android 4.4.4
CONS:
Charger is only 550mah so it takes a lot of time to charge..better try other chargers.
Heats up a bit sometimes...only sometimes(Usually all android phones heat up)
Earphones are just OK but not good for listening music..buy a good earphones if u want to enjoy music.
Battery backup could have been upto 2500mah but still it works for a day with moderate use.
People don't go crazy over Xiaomi.. Buying that phone itself is so difficult then imagine their after sales service. Also MOTO has a good brand image and after sales is growing widely in India.
This is the best phone to buy if ur budget is around 10-15k
Motorola has literally killed the market...Keep rocking moto...And THanks to flipkart

1

Moto G (2nd Gen) 
It has a nice look and great performance? 
DONT compare it with local and chief brand. It can be compared with only Sony,Apple,BlackB. 
I have installed 173 applications trusted and untrusted but there is no hang problem and not slower yet. Amazing gaming experiance with big screen. Good camera , Image quality is very high. 
I think any brand with same feature like Moto G(2nd G) can't beat it. 
Over all it is awesome.

1

This is an awesome phone. For all those people looking out for a gud smart phone at a reasonable price alongwith a gud brand name, this is the phone on which one shud invest. It's worth the price you pay. It works excellently with stunning HD display, gud processing speed and a smart luk. It's high time people should shift their preference from Samsung to other branded companies as well, becoz "Moto G (2nd Gen)"gives quality at a reasonable price. Moreover delivery of products by W.S. Retailers is excellent.

0

Moto G-2 absolute paisa vasool, but his battery back-up is very bad, 4-6 hour in a day and dual speakers are create confusion when u attend the call. (dono taraf se aawaj aati hai), earphone are not good.... and one more thing U getting hurt when you read Made In China.

0

First look with my new moto g was awsome..i love its camera clarity,touch capacity. Overall a perfect mid range phone.But then the story started.My phone got a crack on it's lcd screen so i needed to go its service centre.Believe me i got the worst service i have ever had.They don't have their own service centre.Basically it is LGs service centre.They don't have the parts(lcd display) and they don't know when it will come.They don't even have the list of pricing of parts so they were not able to tell me the approximate cost.I am requesting you to motorola people trust you that's why they are buying your products so plss open your own service centres.So that we can get proper service.

0

Very disapointed after purchase. 
1. Battery back up is not good at all.
2. Hardware is not given as promise. Like Total RAM shows 850MB and Total internal memory is just 12.1 GB. 
Don't buy this product . I made a blunder again by buying Moto.

-1

I have been using the phone from 7th September......and I used to like it but after few days (approx. 3 days)....it began to heat a lot.......first I thought it is due some over usage so I keep on using it......but now this phone is hot for 90% of the time......can't even keep it in my pocket or make calls...... 
Pros....
1. Good design.....but could have been better....
2. Screen size.....
3. Front speaker.....but they are not that loud or clear....... 
Cons....
1. Heats a lot.......temperature reaches 70C.......can't even use it for calling
2. Worst stock launcher ever....consumes lot of RAM......
3. No improvement in processing power.....or RAM.....
4. Low brightness of screen.....not suitable for outside usage.........
5. Not updating to latest system update.....i.e. Aug. 26 based kernel....
6. Graphics heavy game like Asphalt always crashed......
7. Lag in camera.....after 2-3 pics the camera began to act erratically by going out of focus and response time also decreases drastically..... 
Will not suggest my family or friend to buy......

1

bet try is good 
sound clear
better performance of processor 1.2 quad core
ram is better performance
kitkat 4.4.4 is amazing
enough to memory 
large screen
camera result is excellent to 8 mp front is better
good slim aesthetic look

1

the phone is best in its class display is nice
camera- a good performer
in short it is a cheap nexus 5.
but my back cover is loose
so waiting for flipkart service to replace it

1

I am using the new Moto G Gen 2 since last week and find it quite a smart object at an affordable price point. Do not expect a sleek metal finished smartphone at this price. However, the screen resolution at 720p looks pretty dull when I set the brightness to Auto mode. 1080p is required for 5 inch smartphones. The standard camera does not allow auto flash or flash function and the option keys are hidden on the right side. I downloaded the Google Camera app and now it is working fine. The phone is nice to hold but after slipping on the protective cover it looks bigger and bulky. I have also applied a matt finish screen guard which changed to looks of the phone. Overall the user experince is nice. 1 GB Ram + 16GB internal + 32 GB microSD makes the phone a small datacenter. The best experience of all this is Motorola Migrate app which allowed me to copy the data of my old phone in a flash.

1

To start with, its an excellent product that makes you to feel pleasant with its presence. I almost waited for 3-4 weeks for its launch and bought it on the launch day. Would like to give below review points.  
Plus: 
1. Display size
2. Camera clarity and flash efficiency duirng night times
3. Speed
4. Inbuilt memory size and expandable size:)  
Minus:
1. I am not sure why am I not eligible for 100% cash back though I bought it on the launch day :( 
2. Battery life can be bit improved, but not a drawback as such. 
3. No USB cable provided 
I suggest anyone looking for a mobile in less than 20k can consider this without any doubt.

1

Nice camera quality..nice features..gud graphics..and just delivered in 24 hours..m luving dis phone..my new moto g 2nd gen. 
Must buy!!

1

the white one is made of really cheap plastic and the notification light shows through the plastic otherwise this is an excellent phone

1

Product : Excellent 
Delivery time : excellent 
Packing : excellent 
Thank you flipkart for delivering in such a short time. As far as MOTO G 2 is considered it is my best buy ever . Its lighter , faster and larger than MOTO G 1 and only thing lesser is the price :P .

1

At this price, this is the best of the lot. Speed is good and is rich in features. Camera is also working like a charm. Comes with Moto Assist that helps you with a lot of intuitive features. After comparing with a lot of under15k phones, I went for this one and am happy I made this choice. Awaiting a cheaper Flip cover from flipkart for this phone.

0

PROS: 
1) Stock Android, no major bloatware with a guaranteed update to the next version of Android.
2) Very good build quality for the price, especially the soft touch feel of the back cover.
3) Good battery life.
4) The camera is surprisingly good if you consider the price point. 
CONS:  
1) Colours in the display look a bit washed out.
2) The stock charger provided with the phone has an output of only 0.5A & therefore, takes hours to get fully charged. Better to use a charger with a higher output.
3) The front firing speakers are a major disappointment. Expected a much better sound output. 
P.S. - Even though Snapdragon 400 processor is just not made for heavy multitasking & graphically intensive games but there is still some noticeable lag if even in normal day to day usage. Hoping that a future software update fixes this.

0

I brought this phone on last Saturday.This phone getting over heat quickly while making phone call and browsing.

0

I am using Moto G2 since around 15 days. It is a very good phone. Handy & fits thhe hand well. The options are cool. The screen resolution is good. Camera is not excellent, but is real good for regular usage.  
I found 2 things which are really quite major issues. 
One is Battery. The battery is very weak. It doesn't stay even for 10 hours. I use whats app and browse more often. My call duration is also very low. But still battery doesn't last for the time till i go home back by 7 pm. 
Other one is the updates this phone demands.. It consumes huge data from my 3G plan. I dont know whether this is an issue of Android or this phone... But it is been a real burden for me to update the apps.

0

The phone is really good and having great features. But there are two issues,
1) Sound quality for calls is not good.
2) Having lot of radiation issues, head is paining a lot if you speak for 10 min continuously.

1

I bought this phone on 7th Sep,2014. It is a good exp using this phone. I have also used MOTO G, but this is much better.
Pros:
1) Camera is very good + HD Video recording
2) Speakers are good
3) 5-inch Display Quality is good 
Cons:
1) I use internet the whole day, have to keep checking the battery. So, battery is OK OK, lasts one day in normal use.
2) Asphalt 8 crashes some times.
3) can not find affordable cover for the phone. Covers are too costly.

1

Good build quality.good performance.decent battery life. decent screen quality. best phone in its class.

1

Black looks more trendy and better finished than the White which looks to be a little crude.
Cons:
1.When i see the display screen in bright light (say outdoors on a sunny day) i see intersecting lines on the display screen. Can this be a concern.
2.Also when i play Asphalt 8 airborn, the game automatically shuts taking me back to the home screen.
3.Needed a little more of RAM.

0

The devices delivered with 0% battery charge, it took nearly 20 minutes to move from 0%-1% charge. The device heats up with Games and also while charging.

1

It has a very appealing design....no problem as such but the battery drains pretty fast...some solution have to be found for the battery issue....Minor software bugs are there which I am pretty sure that Motorola would address.

1

I'm 72 yrs and wanted a new phone, and at this age not so tech savy, but I went in for this, WOW, It's great, but only thing is that you have to be connected to the internet to learn the full operation, no hard copy of a manual, I had to download the full manual on my PC and one month is over since I have it, am still studying the same, Otherwise its a great phone and really worth the price, The WS Seller too is wonderful to buy foml, prompt service and beautifully packed. Thanks Flipkart

1

A kind of product that will give Motorola a chance to become one of the top cellphone sellers. Go for it.

0

when i charge completely, battery goes down very quickly. this is the bad thing to use 3G...and also there is no data cable is given.

1

It is getting over heat while playing game more that 15 mints.
And getting heavy heat while speaking more than 30 mints.
Battery perfomance is very poor.
In spite of above phone is very nice rest of performance.

1

good mobile we use 2g network battery backup is good but use 3g with in 3 hours battery down.
i recomanded to buy but flipcover cast is more compare with other filp covers.
camera quality of rare is good. touch also good.

1

I've been using this phone for the last two weeks and here is my review.....
1. Look: There is no remarkable change from the previous moto g in overall but the addition of duall speaker in front makes the phone looks like moto e but look more premium.
2. Performance: If u used the moto g 1st gen then there is no difference in performance since both have same processor and ram but the slight upgrade in the display size (0.5 inch) makes the 2nd one better in our experience.
3. Camera: Here is the big difference from the first gen.moto. the rear cam is equipped with 8mp autofocus camera but no image stabilizer. But moto g 2 takes descent foto in outdoor and good image in low light also. The front cam is 2mp cam and it is quite good for video calling but not that good for selfie.
4. Battery: Here is the down point of the 2nd gen from the 1st one. If u used the phone with 3g on and display always on with surfing or listening song the battery will last only for 7 hrs from full charged to hit 5%. But it is not that bad because we hardly use phone like that. But I tested myself to know the performance. For normal users with some surfing, listening some songs, talking with girlfriend and playing some casual game the battery will last for almost a day. Due to having bigger screen I expected this from the battery as u know guys.
5. Gaming Performance: The moto g 2 can also handle all the present HD games just like the previous one. I tested MC4, NFSMW, Asphalt 8, Fifa 14, Dead trigger 2 and Nova 3. All games run quite smooth without seeing noticeable frame drop. Due to having sharp and crisp 720p display and deliver descent viewing angle u will find comfortable playing HD games in this Phone. 
Final verdict: If u r hardcore gamer and camera lover but don't want to burn a hole in ur pocket then This device is specially for u. It is much better than the other mid range phone from Sony Samsung HTC since those phone's price will fall nearly on 20k with the same specs. I experience Xiaomi mi3 myself which deliver premium specs and performance but can't promise the after sale service like OS upgrade repairing etc. Besides Xaiomi phones have some issues which are so frequent in many of their phone but not all like heating problem losing signal etc.

1

I am posting this review after using the phone for 11 days. Had placed order on 9th Sep in First Day Launch Offer and received the order on 10th (as promised In a Day delivery, Rs. 90 Extra). I am ok with Rs. 90 extra cost for such an assured delivery in a day. So as usual Flipkart at its best. I am a happy & satisfied consumer of Flipkart till date. 
Honest Review of the Device: A smartphone which has capacity to handle multitasking with nice Camera, Sound & UI. Though there are some cons too. 
PROS - 1. Good UI, touch is awesome, better than Samsung Galaxy Grand or Micromax Canvas. I liked the launcher and the bright inbuilt wallpapers which is not like cheap androids. It has a class. Four Star.
 2. Sound system is awesome. I liked the sound system if you have a headphone with ear-bud. The Bass/treble/Vocal/Bass Punch modes are fabulous. Five Star.
 3. Camera is too good with the price range. I have used Lumia 720/Galaxy Grand, compared to these it has advanced features. Secondary camera can capture nice Selfie. Four Star.
 4. First time user of Kitkat version of Android. Its a very light OS compared to JB. No hang/lag observed during regular operation/accessing internet. Though I am not crazy for Games, though basic games (Temple Run2, Crazy Grandpa, Rail Rush, Asphalt Bike runs smooth). Four Star.
 5. Keyboard is just awesome. Kitkat OS has some good featured Keyboard. You can just drag the word you want to type, it will fetch it automatically. This feature is best while travelling/walking. Five Star.Four Star.
 6. Connectivity is good and dont have any problem with it. Both SIM works perfect together. Four Star.
 7. Speaker output is perfect with two front speakers. Four Star. 
CONS - 1. Battery is average, no so good backup like Nokia. If you use Wifi/3G for more than two hours a day, it drains fast. Though in 2G it gives you good life. I need to make frequent calls/sms for 8 hours in a day which is not an issue with the device. Three Star.
 2. Heats up a little bit while charging, but do not pay attention to it. Its a minimum heat which generates like many other Androids like Samsung/HTC/Micromax/Xolo/Xiomi MI3 etc. while charging. Three Star.
 3. The Headset which is given inside the Box is very normal and with low quality. Two Star.
 4. No Data cable is given inside the box, its only a Socket charger. Two Star. 
Hope the review will be helpful all the buyers who are planning to get it. 
I would say, GO FOR IT, its the BEST ANDROID (Kitkat) PHONE IN RANGE OF 13K.

1

Firstly I would appreciate Flipkart for the Fast Shipping! 
Pros:
+ Doesn't lag at all
+ Faster Wifi
+ Good Camera
+ Good Screen 5 inch 
+ Crisp Call Quality
+ Memory Card Slot 
Cons:
+ Charger heating up very quickly
+ Battery runs out very quickly
+ Headphones really BAD.

1

really good phone .. 
stock android .. 
good sec camera .. primary not upto to the mark. 
sd card support . 
battery : 14 hrs on wifi usuage (day usuage ) and 6hrs standby (sleep) .. aftr this remaing battery will be less than 10%
aswome screen and quality speakers . 
android l update guaranteed

1

con:
poor battery backup.on extensive sage for 3 hours battery down from 100% to 30% 
Pro:
Everything else is great.

-1

Let me clear that it is not a complaint for Moto G since i am aware of company & it's product. but it is for Flipkart. (Moto G you have lost your sales in 10's. May be it is not much in No's but faith is one part where i am falsely commited by your partner.)
I have placed my order on 6th Sep'14 (ODA6829931639PCVNH00) with launch day 6 offers - which was said to be delivered on 11th (5 days after ordering). I followed up again on 12th for delayed and was replied to deliver again on 18th (12 days). which was also false committed. There was no mail for delay.
Finally i cancelled my order, where in they are not at all concerned or to apologize.
This may be that they have saved there offer but lost customer (May be customer's).
I am thankful to god that i have not paid for it (it was COD). But if it would have been paid, I would have gone mad for making follow-up with flipkart.

1

SOLD XIOMI MI3 BOUGHT MOTO G AWESOME FUN LOVING IT(FLIPKART COURIER SERVICE NOT GOOD)I BOUGHT XIOMI I3 TERRIBLE PHONE SHINY PLASTIC HANG HEAT AND LOOKS VERY CHEAP FINNALY I FOUND A GUY WHO WAS READY TO BUY THAT CHINESE PHONE AND I BOUGHT MOTO G 2ND GENERATION THIS PHONE IS TRULY AMAZING THE SCREEN THOUGH HALF HD BUT LOOKS BETTER THAN XIAMO AND GOOD ANGLES ALSO BATTERY ALOST EQUIVALENT ABOVE ALL ALWAYS 400MB RAM OUT OF 1 GB LEFT IN MI3 ONLY 300 RAM OUT OF 2GB...SMOOTHEST PHONE BUILT AND LOOK IS ABSOLUTE AMAZING THANK GOD I SOLD XIAOMI CHINESE CHEATERS PHONE AND BOUGHT MOTO G THOSE CHEATERS SAY THEY SOLD 2 LAKH PHONES THAN WHY ONLY 3K REVIEWS FLIPKART AND XIAOMI PLANNED LIKE THAT IT WAS JUST MARKETTING TRICK..EXPECTED FROM CHINESE COMPANY BUT NOT FROM FLIPKART

-1

I received a faulty piece from flipkart. Its speaker has issues and is not at all clear. when I requested for a return I still have not received a call or mail. Its been 4 days since. Very dissapointed with the response from flipkart.

-1

Ordered Moto G and a back cover on same date.... 
2 Days Later : Got Moto G.......
4 Days Later : Expected deliveru date of back cover expired............
8 Days Later : Shipment cancelled by seller .... Contacted customer care... Reason for reject was surprising.... My Pincode is not under servicable area.......... Finally agreed to reship the product.....
14 Days Later : Expected deliveru date of back cover again expired............
16 Days Later : Got info that problem will be solved with in two days....
18 Days Later : Got info that shipped item is missing... ( I think grip cover also went to mars with Chandrayaan...) Called customer care.... They told item will ship again.....
Today (20-09-2014)... Waiting for my PRECIOUS back cover)..............

1

A good smart phone choice under the price tag. 
good signal reception
Good quality sound 
No lags in b/w 
Battery life hardly for a day
BAttery charging takes almost 3.5-4.5 hrs from 10% to 100%

1

I registered to buy Xiaomi mi3 phone but couldnot buy due to huge rush. then motog 2nd gen came i ordered on the launch day itself and now using the phone from past 2 weeks.  
Looks wise it is beautiful with curvy edges, Performance wise awesome , all the apps and games are running smoothly without glitches , no usb cable friends , they have given a universal usb port so you can connect any usb cable. Battery backup is decent. I charge the battery in morning for 1 and half hour and till coming to home from office at 9 pm the battery still has around 15% remaining , during the day i use 3g extensively and also play lots of games. 
Conclusion: In the budget of 10k-14k, this phone really stands no.1

1

Motorola ( with the help of Google ) has come out with this gem and with all the good features this phone is destined to make big . 
I bought this phone as I lost my S3 ( yeah .. lost !!! ) and boy , this has been a good decision . With 5 inch HD display , dual front speakers and KITKAT on the go there is no reason to be disappointed . To add desserts , Flipkart guaranteed delivery and screen guard would make you make feel sweet . And yes its all for 12999/- ( 13k - 1 , another way of seeing this ) . 
People complaining about RAM being just 1 GB or battery being just around 2000 mAh should please consider " ab bacche ki jaan loge kya ?? " . Google L will coming for this device and battery lasts as most other smart phones boasts of .  
Go for it guys !!

1

Hello Friends ,
 i bought moto G,2nd generation phone,.....and asus zenfone5 .
if i compare both phones then both are similar except battery back up time.
Moto G,2nd generation is much better battery performance than Asus zenfone 5, 
one more good feature is front camera in MOTO G2nd generation ,
ASUS is much slim then Moto ....... 
Main difference is battery back up issue in ASUS .
SO moto G ,2nd generation is best compare to ASUS

1

Phone is good at its price range. Performance is good ! , but battery backup very poor... internal memory good... display screen is good.. charger is very long time charging my phone... one of the best under 13k...

1

I am using this phone since sep7th , hope my review will be helpful 
Pros:-
1) Excellent performance
2)100% Lag free
3)Camera:- rear cam is very good & front cam does above par performance , picture quality after zooming is top class really impressed
4)Multitasking is very good
5)Gaming:- I played subway surfers, temple run 2 , temple run , FIFA 14 and not even a single lag or hanging
6)Sound from the front speakers should have been better
7) Phone task speed is awesome
8)Battery:- Without internet 15-20hours ( approx)
 With internet :-3-5hours ( approx depending on usage)
9)Build quality is very good
10)Display is on higher side
11)Touch response is very high 
Con's:-
1) No USB cable.
2)Battery drains during internet usage.
3)Charger gets heated.
4)Phone gets heated sometimes when using it while plugged in with a charger.
5)No 4g support
6)The 2 front speakers are average 
7)Sometimes playstore force closes ( may be due to my internet server prob) 
Verdict:-
This must be in top 3 under 15K segment 
Really a hot contender for all phones leaving xiaomi mi3 ( due to specs & not personal usage of mi3 )but in performance this is flawless at most times...
Will try to give another review after more usage hope it is helpful.

1

This phone is value for money and although the price is high as compared to other phones with similar hardware, the GUARANTEED UPDATE to Android L makes it the best!!!

0

Camera is improved but in very low light it is crappy and lots of noise 
u will love the screen
No file manager can be downloaded 
Battery though a problem will last a day ...can be improved further by battery savers

1

the title of moto g 2nd gen is perfect.because u can hardly find such a phone at this price.flipkartu are excellent in delivering the product.i ordered this phone on 15th sep and got it on 17th. let me say about the phone.as i have said this is a perfect paisa wasool item.u wont feel that ur money has been wasted.
it runs on quardcore 1.2 ghz snapdragon 400 processor with adreno 305 .so spped is awesome.the display and camera is superb.the most advantage of this phone is that we can play games like nfs most wanted asphalt 8 without any lag and sensor problem.
i have played both the game on this phone and dint find any trouble.
something what disappointed me is,sometimes it shows "restriction accees changed".i searched for this on internet and found that it is due to network problem.and if u have cut your mini sim to micro. so take a look towards this.
all other thing about this phone is excellent.i think the newly announced xperia e3 may give a good competition to this as the latter runs on same configuration with additional 4g facility.but our moto g doesnt have 4g facility.
if you can adjust these i would recommend you to buy this phone.

0

I have both moto g 1st gen and 2nd gen, I bought this for my sister and I personally think the 1st gen moto is better. the only thing that's better in the 2nd gen is the camera and that's it.  
pros:
1.good camera. the pictures come out great (8mp) in low light conditions.
the secondary camera (2mp) is also good for taking selfies.
2.5 inch screen but, the ppi is not so good when compared moto g 1st gen.
3.supports memory card. 
cons:
1. the display is on the warmer side and it has low contrast. the 1st gen has excelent display with great colour reproduction.
2.the speaker volume is less compared to the 1st gen, it has front facing two speakers but, they aren't as good as 1st gen.

1

Ordered on the launch day i.e. 6th Sept.(12:04 a.m.), received on 9th Sept. (about 11:30 a.m.) i.e. 1 day before the expected date. SATISFIED with the delivery. 
But the offers that were for the launch day buyers were actually ridiculous. Not of much work for majority. Anyway...that's not important. 
Lets come to the phone performance- 
1. Camera- 8/10 
+Very good picture & video quality, good slow motion video recording, flash also good. Low light photos are equally good for the flash. photos and videos can be made in full dark also. use the flash as a torch also using downloaded torch app or cleanmaster app's widget. 
Front camera is also very good. 
-But after zooming not that much picture clarity. 
2. Display- 9/10 
+5 inch screen very attractive and display quality also good. Gorilla glass protection helps very much. screen protector is not must for that. 
-The screen guard provided was not set good. very bad. 
3. Game- 8/10 
+Every game I tried works quite good. games like gta vice city, fifa 14, max payne, asphalt 8 etc. 
-But Graphics can be set maximum to 60-65% range for flawless performance. Otherwise the game cant be played for lag (checked only for gta vice city). But its not that much problem as upto 60-65% range the graphics quality is good enough. and the fifa14 stopped several times after tapping 'tap to continue'. I had to reinstall it once and the next time it got fixed automatically. 
4. RAM- 10/10 
+No LAGS normally. 
5. Looks- 10/10 
+Very good looking phone. REALLY! both from front and backside. 
6. Sound- 7/10 
+Good sound quality.
call sound is also very loud. 
-But in some cases (for specific songs or games) its not that much loud. but OK.
earphone doesn't go with the phone itself, but OK. 
7. Network- 9/10 
+No network problem till now. Used Vodafone and Airtel.
Both Airtel and Vodafone 3G worked well. 
8. Battery- 5/10 
-For normal usage like a bit gaming, some camera use, calls, sms, some gps it will give 8-10 hours back up with auto brightness on while not using the phone, I think. But if you use continuously, I think it will not give you more than 2-3 hours backup. I checked for full brightness and much camera use and gaming that it reduce the battery very quickly. Not tried the internet connectivity that much till now. 
Have ordered a power bank worth Rs. 749! 
N.B.:
The charger I received worked for one day only and then stopped working. does not charge. totally useless. But for me its just nothing problematic because I have same chargers from before as its a very common charger. For most people it wont be a problem. But those who doesn't have those from before, they'll definitely face problems and will have o buy a charger. 
But I think its a special case that the charger didn't work. It'll work for most of the others, I think. 
In all, its a good impressive product and keeping aside the battery issue its a good buy in this range. 
Recommended- 7/10 
Happy Shopping :-)

1

Well there are many reviews already on this phone ..
i would like all to know about all bad's of this phone
P.S I own this phone for about 8 days and i absolutely love it .. i have no hatrance towards this.
So Cons are:-
1:- BACK COVER
People say it have a rubberised finish but i didnt found it like this .. it's really smooth plastic and slip a bit .(but official flip covers have good variety and have good grip with bakc covers
2. DESIGN
I found the design to be bit confusing because while using phone something i end up holding it upside down. i beilve there should be some logo on the front up side too.
3. BATTERY
2070mah . That might average while seeing in number but let me tell you battery backup is quite amazing . you wont have any issues regarding the battery backup . beileve me .
only bad thing about battery is that it takes way too much time to charge ..(idk the exact time but its little higher than samsung mobiles of this battery capacity)
4. CHARGER
Yes. It do get hot after using . maybe charger is manufactured to work for foreign country plugs and thats why it gets heated here in India ( coz they have added an extra plug on top of the charger)
5. NO USB CABLE.
That's quite annoying coz you have to remove back cover always and use a card reader >:O.
6. CAMERA.
Quality of camera is superb .. It shoots amazing pics but the interface you see on the camera is 6 MP . if you change it to 8 MP, then dont get full interface of the screen while taking pics .(but that really doesnt matter and doesnt effect resolution and clearity).
7. SPEAKERZZZZZZ
Well This is one of the biggest issue with this phone .. phone is not at all loud enough so that you can hear .. will watching an youtube video in your room with your ceiling fan on , you won't hear even a single word .
8. HEADPHONES.
Headphones provided with set are really annoying to ears as they are also not so loud + they really hurt after about 30 min of use . (BUT if you use any other headphones liike philips , jbl or samsung ; they work really nice and very loud). 
One More Thing .. I own an White coloured phone which looks way much better than black one .
but white colour is more prone to stuffs like dust , ball pen ink etc but dont worry they get easily removed on hard rubbing ..
I would recommend to buy black phone if you are not much interested in showing off but let me tell you . The kind of look you get while holding a white phone is amazing .
I Beileve black phone only suits with comapnies like Iphone coz they got glassy back panel.
And At Last , i found the flip covers and back covers to be very expensive . 1700 and 800 respectively (Review Dated 18-Sep-14)

-1

18/9/14 
Touch:
Touchscreen is not working properly. I have to press four five times. It doesn't get registered sometimes, I feel I am moving my finger on just plain glass. 
My piece has a bad touch response. Cant even use the phone. 
Camera:
Camera has issues. If you keep flash on/auto and click pictures of very closeby objects like 5 cm or 10 cm close, the flash doesnt turn off. You have to restart the phone and start camera app to turn off the flash. I dont believe camera issue is hardware one, an update might fix it (no updates yet). But still, its annoying. 
Didnt face any heating while using yet. 
Charger gets hot, but not that you cant hold it in your hand. But it takes time to charge. 
SD card:
SD card gets disconnected when phone is on, or even sometimes doesn't detect SD card. 
I had enquired on phone about the phone having issues while the phone was still being shipped. I saw 4-5 continuous reviews, where people faced problems. I asked the sales representative about the phone, as many people had received defective pieces, whether the batch they received was good or not. They told me, that the product is good, no problems are there.  
Requesting for replacement. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
19/9/14 12.51 pm
Flipkart representatives called me regarding the return request. They told me to do a factory reset. I did that, put all the details, email id etc.  
Still touch is having problems and SD card is getting unmounted. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19/9/2014 4.05 pm
My phone is dead now within 24 hrs without using. Not starting at all.
I might have used it for only 2 hours, from the usage stats in phone.
I didn't have a micro sim so couldn't use call functions. Touch was defective and SD card was getting unmounted. And now its dead. 
Highly disappointed with Motorola. They should atleast give better phones than Micromax, or Chinese Phones. Don't dump phones which were rejected by EU/US standards in India. 
Flipkart should stop selling Moto G 2nd gen for sometime, until Motorola realizes its mistake. 
Please new buyers, don't buy this phone until Motorola improves the product. Many products are defective. Wait if you want to buy Moto G 2nd gen. Go for Android one if urgent. Then you can change over after sometime.

1

I ordered this phone on 14th of September @9pm, and got it on 16th morning. 
Pros:
> Very good phone.
> Handling is Good.
> Camera is awesome, try with Google Camera.
> Sound is good, but it could have been better.  
Cons:
> Battery drains very fast, I think its because of screen size and low rating battery.
> Charging is slow. 
Overall best phone to buy under 15K range.

1

Pros
- 16 GB internal memory + Micro SD slot up to 32gb
- 5" display
- 8MP camera main & 2MP front
- Android 4.4.4 comes pre-installed
- Quad core speed. Games work fast and fine.
- Dual Front speakers are loud and clear
- Compact and usable in single hand.
- Noise Cancellation & Crystal clear voice in Phone calls.
- Light in weight 
Con's
- Screen: only 720p
- Battery drains too fast & takes more time to charge.
- No Data cable within the package.
- Not a good Quality headphones
- Pretty hard to change Ringing/Messaging tones.

0

In some of video files, audio is not supported. can anyone help in this? 
 In moto g 2nd generation the battery is bad...

0

Nice mobile as worth for the investment.
good:
Camera is very good.
nice screen with 5 inc 
bad:
getting heat while gaming for 15m 
compare with Moto G(Gen1) screen and came increased but not battery, RAM and motherbord not change

1

The phone is sleek, Good camera, There is a little bit of problem while rotation of screen, the screen doesn't rotate quickly. The company may provide battery of at least 3000 mAh because the battery runs quickly while using internet. The 1.2 GHz processors away some, but should also be of higher version.

1

The product is really good. As mentioned hats off to flipkarts delivery system. I got the product within a day of ordering. 
Now coming to the Phone itself Motorola has done quite a few major changes that has brought this product in par with all the other competitive phones like Asus Zenfone and Xiaomi Mi3. 
Pros:
1. Brilliant Display seems Corning Gorilla Glass has done wonders to the screen instead of the display density being a bit less than previous Moto G.
2. Gaming performance is also good. Games like Asphalt 8 and FIFA 14 run flawlessly.
3. Battery backup is average.
4. The stereo speaker is really impressive as the speaker are at the front so while holding the phone the sound doesn't get blocked. 
Cons:
1. While playing games, the phone does tend to get heated up a bit.
2. Sometimes there is a burning smell of some sort from the earphone jack while using the phone a bit. I hope flipkart sorts out this issue a replace this model.
3. I hoped Motorola to give 2 gb ram in this set. But 1gb is sort of ok is used to a limit. 
So according to me this phone is quite good for those who wants just the right level of performance and speed.

0

I have orders Moto G 2 and Gen on launching day. Received quick delivery from flipkart 5 star rating for it . I think Motorola ia an American but I disappointed to see chinees manufacturing.after 10 day experience I am giving review as under.
Pros:
Screen is smooth and crispy.
Light weight and comfortable in pocket 
5 inch display how ever compact in size, easy to hold in hand. Grip is best.
Look wise beautiful then other brand
Moto assist is good appl.
Cons:
Camera both is good not best , Picture quality in zoom is worst.
There is no USB data cable.
RAM is 1 GB like Moto E why we should spent doublemoney just for front cam & slight more big display ? Internal Memory of moto E also expendable.
No file manager provided so I can not found to send voice clip or song by Bluetooth.
Connectivity is major problem.can not catch weak tower , while my other Samsung and Intex handset don't loose tower of same service provider (BSNL) so using net is being headache sometime.
As phone is made in China there is no difference in configuration with Xiaomy or Gionie etc. No regional language except Hindi is supported so can not read this language in fb, website etc. This type of problem is not in Samsung.
Headphone is worst and China brand.charger is OK.
In short if you want to by Moto then Moto E is worth for money then Moto G just double price.

1

Moto G2 is great smartphone in the budget, no doubt 
But after using it for 5 to 6 days my experience is......
Pros,
1. It looks dam premium in hands
2. The screen response and viewing angles are awesome 
3. Run totally Lag Free
4. Pure Android experience with guaranteed future updates 
Cons,
1. it heats when you run games and some big applications
2. Battery backup is below average, If you use 2G continue then it gives backup for 7-8 hrs on 3G 5-6 hrs only on WIFI its slight better but not as expected from Motorola
3. Notification light is not bright enough  
Last Word,
Go for it, if you want pure android experience in affordable price and you are ready to compromise battery life and normal heat ups

1

i got this phone from flip kart 
MRP is 13099 and i got it at 12999....at this price the specification this phone is having is very much sufficient for normal purpose use as mobile as gaming and data /internet.  
what i likes in this phone ....? i like all the things except battery should have been at least 2500mAH...because for good/heavy user they will need recharge of battery after 6-7hrs. 
i tried WiFi on , keep downloading data within 5:30 to 6:00 hrs battery fully drained from 100% to 3%.  
camera quality is good both front and back, skype works very good,  
i recommend this phone for the people who not heavy users of mobile.

0

Today i got a problem with my Moto G 2nd gen. Its automatically called one by one in all recent call contact. I got shocked. I don't know what i do now.

1

For the price it is much more worth but the only problem is battery backup. It is 2100 Mah battery but it doesn't act for that. I feel bad with the charge backup.. Everything other than that is Awesome......

1

good display 
battery not good only 1 day use.. longer time charge
cam is good...............................................................................................................
. 
.

1

I would like to thank Flipkart for its fastest delivery. It hardly took 2 days to see this gaint. 
Let me start with the Phone I have been using it for almost 10 days. One word comes into mind to describe it"AWESOME".
Performance of battery when compared to Mediatek mobiles of same segment is better.
Response it also good. No heating issues. People plz go for it. Really nice product.

1

The phone is fantastic, and for the price that you pay, it is worth every penny. 
I have reduced 1 star since I am unable to listen to music on my car stereo through the Aux input - I used to do this with my earlier phone with no problem whatsoever. However the phone speakers are loud enough to listen to music in the car with reasonable clarity
I can listen to music by plugging in a headset, so the 3.5mm input itself works fine. I am now forced to purchase a Bluetooth car hands free set separately in order to listen to music. Hopefully that will work. Based on what I have read online, this problem seems to be a common feature on earlier Moto G and X phones as well.

0

I am facing some problem with network.
After every 2-3 hours it get disconnected from mobile network.Try to use after reset but there is no help.

0

Sim2 slot not working and no reply from Flipkart service center for replacement request done before 4 Days. 
Back Panel Not Fixing Properly. 
Battery gets Heated within half hour of charging.  
Flipkart Handed full Defective Piece. Now Waiting for some reply From flipkart for replacement request.

-1

Buy at your own risk. I received my phone today and right out of the box the display has long black vertical lines across the screen. I immediately called flipkart only to be told that I would get a call in 3 working days and would be guided on how to "troubleshoot". So I pay 13k upfront to Flipkart and get shipped a defective phone and then have to wait 3 days for someone to call me and tell me how to fix a defective piece. This kind of service is not expected out of flipkart.

1

1) Everyone here telling flipkart service is good. But i am not happy with flipkart delivery speed because it is average like other online retailer.
2)About the phone - HD display is good, feels comfortable during long usage and high definition videos. 
3) Phone is crisp and can be easily handled with single hand because the back side (mat finish) is pretty cool
4) Sound quality of the speakers are amazing no words it's just rocking 
5)LED notifications lights are not up to the mark
6) Sim slot is not compiling with all sim cards. Many times it gives problems & it's very hard
7) Battery backup is not good for heavy usage.But if yu are a avg phone user then it's ok
8) When taking images that have good and punchy colours but the details are missing even in 8MP and little problem is the presence of noise in close-up shot and Indoor pictures.
9) Mot is not provided USB cable
10) Touch experience and speed is avg

1

Just got this phone yesterday and i have been continuously using it since then.
->I'll rate it 3/5 for front looks, like any ordinary micromax! but the back side (mat finish) is pretty cool. 
->Sound is pretty great with the dual speakers.
->SPEED IS LOVELY, specially if you are a heavy multi-tasker its a go!
->Lag free performance even in high graphic games(asphalt 8) so if you are a gaming freak but cannot go for the 20k segment its the best :)
->Display is good, feels comfortable during long usage and high definition videos.
->Cameras are great 
The worst thing about the phone is the battery back up! Battery drains like anything! So if your usage is mostly at the places where you dont find charging ports you should have a second thought. 
Overall a brilliant phone! At this price what more could one ask for :D GO FOR IT :)

1

I own a NEXUS 5 and always was finding a phone to match my NEXUS but with a dual sim... 
BUILT....SUPERB (BEST FOR THE PRICING)
DISPLAY IN SUNLIGHT....GOOD
PROCESSING....GOOD
CAMERA....MIGHT HAVE BEEN BETTER (TAKES TIME TO FOCUS)
MEMORY....AMAZING (BOUGHT 16GB VARIANT)
ANDROID....AS ALWAYS 
Many First Time Android Users Might Dislike Moto G (2nd GEN) For Its 5'' Display But Its A Steal At This Price. 
Camera Could Have Been Better (TAKES TIME TO FOCUS)...The Problem Could Get Solved After An Update. 
Rest Its A Masterpiece From A Legendary Company Backed Up By GOOGLE. 
TOTALLY its an amazing phone owing to its pricing and quality.

1

Everything is okay.While compared to moto g 1st gen, the battery drains quickly.................................................................................

1

Firstly i will thanks to flipkart team for quick delivery!! Moto G2 is a excellent phone in this price range. Battery backup is quite ok. In normal use battery discharge only 50% in 12-13 hr. In gaming,internet surfing it discharge upto 80% in 6-7 hrs. 
Phone can play full HD videos, asphalt8, subway surfer etc with no lag or hang.
Its a pure android phone which betters its performance as compare to others having same configuration. 
It has Gorilla Glass 3 & scratch less back cover which is not present in some high budget phones eg:Samsung grand2 worth 19K.
A value for money phone. 
but one thing im sugesting to flipkart that the flip covers and back cover price is too high please provide some offers to it !! love you flipkart!!!

1

I am using this phone since a week now.
Its a very good phone as i own it but...
I would talk regarding the Con's 
1. Battery 2070 mAh is a very big mistake with a 5 inch display..
With wifi on, casual chatting n facebooking it lasts just 10hrs. 
2. Charger is too slow takes approx 2.5 to 3 hr to charge from 15% to 100%. 
3. Stereo Sound, ahuh aint that impressive nor are its plastic made handsfree. 
4. Quad core 1.2 Ghz processor, its takes 1-2 sec to open whatsapp's certain conversation, and uploading 10 images at a time gives a black out of 2 sec. apart from whatsapp its smooth. 
5. 1 GB RAM sounds a bit less for the price tag it has got, ASUS gives more. 
If you don't have any problem with the above things, Go for it ..

1

Display is awesome,viewing angel is also very good.color reproduction is good also.
Sound quality with dual speaker is very good and clear.call quality is awesome.
Camera is good in both lightning Conditions.pics are very clear just let the camera 1st focus properly. Design is good.
I am very basic user so battery lasts for 1 1/2 days.I feel the battery will last 4 to 5 hrs with heavy and continuous use.
If you are a basic user then follow the steps to improve battery performance:
1-off auto sync
2-off WiFi network and data connection when you don't need them
3-GPS system off(location service). 
4-use minimumbrightnesss/auto brightness
5-screen timeout 15sec/30sec
 Performance of phone is lag free and very fast. Recommend: don't use unnecessary background apps. 
I bought it only for its brand . I hope it will last long.
I could buy Micromax but I felt , that is excellent only in spec not in quality. 
Generally these Brand's products are less time span compared to other good brand like Nokia,moto,apple.
Generally its a pain to run service center. 
Everything is good except battery; but it will improve just after the Android L update.
So buy it ;nothing could be better than this on today's date....... 
After 2-3 day use of its headphone i got the quality sound which ,i feel Better then my nokia wh 208

1

First of all Flipkart u were Super Fast in the delivery . Within 48hrs i got my phone and dat too Well packed kudos ! 
Then Comming about the phone its has been a week Since i m using the Moto G 2nd gen . 
1st of all the display screen is Awesome 5 inch HD Perfect Colour Display .  
Its run os 4.4.4 Android Kit Kat will get update of Android L . 
The mobile is pretty Fast though it is only 1 gb Ram ...But it works very fast ...No Lagging while playing games ... Internet also works Super Fast (better than d one i was using LUmia 720) ... 
The front Speakers are big plus to dis phone ..The sound is Loud and clear ! 
And About the battery If u r using wifi then One Full Charge will give u around 22-24hrs wid some internet usage and songs and some games ( Its solley depends upon the user and how he uses i dnt use wifi ) 
So 1 thing i didnt lyk was the charger and ear phones datsy i mgiving 4 star ratings to MOTO G 
The charger becomes hot lyk hell when we charge the phone for 1 hr i m using NOKIA charger which works alright . 
The ear phones sucks ! Pretty ordinary road type earphones !.I feel Moto G should have charged extra 500 But they should Good earphones lyk sony !  
Overall m happy wid the buy !

1

I'm a heavy duty user of smartphone features, and i found the moto g- gen 2 to be an excellent buy for the price ; Caveat - i have only been using it for 3 days so far, but i have noticed the following : Smooth performance, good handling, the touch interface is faultless and has all the features that one needs...  
The one challenge i have faced is that the battery takes far too long to charge. It took over 3.5 hours to go from 30% to 100%, and also the charger that comes with the kit heats up quite a bit during the charging process. I hope that this issue is fixed in future batches.

1

It is really a superb smartphone I ever owned. Functions smoothly and effortlessly in all areas. Cameras are good, pictures taken are neat and vivid. Has the latest android version helps in having rich experience of latest applications. A good phone in the market.

1

just awesome ! 
New Moto G is unbeatable in this price segment.
any time better than chinese Xiaomi Mi phones.

-1

When i checked my IMEI number by using google, it doesn't shows MOTO G2 instead it shows some other mobile, asked for a replacement will see what happens

1

display is charming, can't say about battery as it's been just 3 hrs since it came. apart from that. phone is a bang for the buck! can't get any better than this in this price range and also you have that Motorola brand name.

1

I ordered the Moto G2 on 6th september..and got it delivered on Sunday 7th september afternoon..But unfortunately I got a defective handset, the phone's LED Flash wasn't working.
Launched a complaint..and got it replaced by Thursday 11th September. Hats off to the Flipkart Delivery system, because getting your product replaced is not so easy through online platforms.
Anyways. about the phone..
PROS :
1. Excellent display - The screen is crisp and all colours look lively. You won't complain about the screen at all.
2. The Stereo Speakers - Great sound quality, better than the earlier gen. of Moto G, you would definitely enjoy playing games and watching videos.
3. The Camera - Good camera, fast focusing, great flash. Overall the camera is really good at this price point.
4. Updates - Motorola has already confirmed that this phone would get the Android L update, so chill :'D
5. Build Quality - The curved back gives an awesome feel to your hands and makes it easy for you to hold.
6. Battery - I basically used my phone for browsing (45 min), Games (20 min), Watching videos (20 min), social messaging (25 min) and listening to music for 2 hrs..And surprisingly, I got battery backup of 20hr+..So it's great, at least for me. 
CONS:
1. The camera could have been better in terms of sharpness. But it won't be a deal breaker for you.
2. The RAM and Processor can be a problem for some of the people 
At the end, I would suggest you guys to buy this phone if want a nice stylish phone at this price + a branded and reliable company like Motorola. So just GO FOR IT!

-1

I have ordered two mobiles and found flash functionality issue in both the phones. 
when tried to autofocus the near objects(when flash is set to AUTO or ON mode), the flash is getting hung and not shutting off even after switching off the mobile. To switch off the flash, need to restart the mobile and open the camera app.
No issues when flash is set to off. 
All buyers, please do verify your mobiles, as this issue has been spotted in all the mobiles which me n my friends had bought. 
Try doing this to verify whether your mobile has this problem or not: 
> Set your camera flash to ON or AUTO mode.
> Try to place some piece of paper which had some text in it and put the paper very close to camera. (very little gap between ur phone and the paper)
> Try taking the pic or try to autofocus. Here the actually issue starts, the mobile tries to focus the text but the flash goes to a hung state. Meanwhile, you can even use ur mobile but flash will be glowing all the time.
To switch off the flash, need to restart the mobile and open the camera app. 
As, i have found this issue in all the devices which me n my friends bought, it might be the issue with the hardware.  
Apart from this issue, everything works flawlessly.  
Raised a complaint to Flipkart and asked us to wait till we get a call from technical team. 
Tried calling mutliple times to call center, they need 24 business hours( 3 days ) to just know the details about the issue. God knows when do they really start knowing about the issue and start working on it :(

1

Forget xiaomi and other chinese brands. Go for the ultimate moto g, this phone has got all: 
Superb looks
amazing performance
Stunning display
Easy to hold
Camera is good 
Premium in looks. 
Moreover, you don't have to explain your father when you buy motorola (You'll surely have to explain what is 'xiaomi' if you buy it :)

1

This cell phone has all features in a upper lower range phone section. All looks good for me in this except the sound quality. It has two speakers but i don't feel that is that much effective.  
Note- The one i got, in that i had a problem like some "chick chick" noise was coming during ring and talk in some seconds of time interval and it was continuous. So i requested Flipkart to exchange this piece with a good one. Still this exchange process in progress.

1

Best phone ever in this segment. Reasonable price. Fastest delivery by flipkart. It might be better if the battery backup has increased. Light weight, amazing looks. It comes in very handy even though 5 inch display.

1

ultimate phone, no problem, no lagging, only issue is battery life. it last only 8-10 hrs with data on. not bad but as promised, it should last 12-16 hrs

-1

I ordered this phone and it does not accept touch inputs - i just lost my trust on ordering electronics online, !! I hope flipkart delivers a working piece for replacement.

1

Pros:
1. Lightweight, easily fits in your hand.
2. Great audio through stereo speakers. 
Cons:
1. No data cable. Charger is not USB detachable..
2. Charger heats a bit. 
Other:
1. FM cannot be played via speakers. Search the web for workaround.
2. Quad core processor delivers great performance for gaming. 
It is a good phone, for its price against build quality and performance.

-1

received the phone two days back.... flipkart delivery s superb...
everything is working good.
battery is draining quickly 
when i was checking the IMEI number with imei.info website it shows that this imei number is belongs to samsung galaxy sIII. my other phones imei numbers are working correctly with that website. i would like to know the originality of the phone. friends pls help. how to check it. flipkart please clarify...

1

Pro's
1.Best Design and Worthy!
 Has nice curves and holding grip.....doesnt feel plastic....great looks... 
2.Speedy Processor
 Wont lag for even a second...games and graphics are faster 
3.Long Lasting Battery
 Gives a complete day on normal 3g and apps usage 
4.Camera
 Gr8 pictures indoor and outdoor....auto focus works fine
 Features like Slow motion video adds more fun  
5.Micro SD Slot to store more 
6.Get crystal clear sound with Dual Front Stereo speaker 
7.Calls are clearly audible with noise cancellation provided with 2 mics 
8.Guaranteed Android Update 
Surely will sell better than MOTO G 
May heat while playing heavy games or long usage which is quite normal but NO CON's !! 
**VERDICT** 
Go For It....No better Phone in this range if you want a brand that can be trusted on its products and services

1

The Phone comes along with a charger and a set of earphones.
Nice compact packing.
I'll cut the case and get to business. 
Pros:
1) 5 inch screen. the older version in smaller. good for people looking for a big cellphone.
2) Battery. It helps me go through out the day without charging. my daily usage is mostly moderate with frequent use of WiFi, 3G, good use of camera, and small games like Minion Rush or Quiz Up. Even with all these running whole day, the battery stays above the critical level. It takes a bit to charge to the full limit but even 60 percent is enough to get through the day.
3) Speaker. Two Speakers and stereo effect. Loved this feature. watching movies and videos with friends doesnt take much effort now. everything is audible even in a busy room. 
4) Multitasking. Apps run smoothly with other running in backgroud.
5) Memory Slot. finally! thank you motorola!
6) Dual sim. well, i am using one right now.
7) Looks. Great. Fits well in hand. and Looks very rich for its price.
8) Camera: 8mp with 2mp secondary. both work well. took a few pics. the focus works good in the primary cam. secondary cam is a bit shaky, but i guess thats my fault because i am not used to clicking through the front cam. 
9) Android L coming soon (excited) 
Cons:
1) Pixel density is still the same as previous model. this is not a big issue, as the display is still crisp and great. this shouldnt be a problem. everything looks great.  
i dont think you will find anything like this at this price.

-1

I was a regular buyer of Flipkart since last 2 years but services of Flipkart is getting deteriorating day by day. I Ordered Moto G Gen 2 in the midnight of 6th Sept and product was received at Indore Hub on 7th Sept but since 8th their logistics partner E-kart commit us to deliver this product by the day end and then no attempt is made. Even regularly I am following up with their so called customer care department and those stupid people are so clueless that they are not able resolve the issues and just exchanging mails with corny content with no intention of customer satisfaction. 
Today I cancelled my order and decided to not to use Flipkart in future. Flipkart should understand that if they will not care for customers customers will not take time to forget them.

1

Delivered the Moto G 2nd Gen on 5th day of ordering. Excellent phone and performance. Nice pictures, and excellent sound quality. 
Cons:
Flipkart should have started selling Flip covers for the new Moto G. Presently, Flipcovers for new Moto G 2nd are not available in the shops too. Further, there is no USB cable and Screen Guard included in the Pack.
Also wanted to know if there is any Motorola connectivity software connecting and transferring files, Pics, SMS, etc between PC and phone.

1

I really loved previous model of Moto g. But I was really hesitating to buy this phones as this didnt had 5 screen and SD card support. Now second generation have both these features. I am really happy with this phone. Big screen with bit small numbers of DPI doesnt bothers me. Screen is crispy clear and perfect. After all what do you expect from brand like Motorola in 13k. Only one thing missing in this phone is gyroscope sensor.

1

Moto G 2 
Impressive speed 
Ultimate Stereo Sound Quality according to value of product
Impressive and Fast camera 
Easy and Speedy multitasking
Pendrive Connectivity
Latest Tech 4.4.4 out of box :) 
Average Battery Life :(

1

Ordered 2 days before and received Yesterday! Fantastic delivery. Couldn't keep up with the tracker's speed :) 
I am using this product since yesterday I received and I charged my mobile yesterday in the evening still 62% battery is there. I am using the net on wifi mode, listening music, receiving calls, Whatsapp, playing Subway surfers. Now I can say that the battery backup is excellent. Even the Charger is not heating while charging. So guys whos charger is getting heat up while charging kindly get it change from flipkart. 
Camera performance is much much better than the old Moto G. 
While Playing games it never hangs so I can say the processor is also good as compare to all the samsung phones having 1 GB or Ram in that it hangs while playing game. I even played asphalt 8.0 and it is working great. 
Regarding the look and feel I cant keep myself away. I just love holding on my hand its very light. 
If you come to the screen resolution you cannot say that its 720P or 1080P until you go through the Specification. The content is sharp and clear. 
The sound is very loud and clear, even while attending a call or making a call there is no noise disturbance, the word spoken is very clear to me as well as to the receiver. Even the headphone sound is very loud and clear. 
While talking I didn't find any network drop.  
Last but not the least Apple user don't waste your money on such product whose cost is 6 times more and giving 2012 specification.

1

I am satisfied with flipkart delivery. Got the product in 3 days, before expected delivery. My only concern right from the beginning is after sales service of this mobile. I am not from a metro city and we don't have any exclusive service center of motorola here. As far as phone is concerned it's very nice and quality product for its price but it's too early to write a good review. catch you after a reasonable time.

1

Yesterday I have got this phone 
and the phone was just awesome 
the camera battery mainly screen awesome..
love this site with huge discount selling

1

Moto G2 is technically better than Moto g old but look & size of Old MOTG G is better. Price wise other Chinese brands are available but we have to consider service etc. so It is a good deal

1

love the big screen than moto gen 1. good display but the camera is not up to expectation .
best buy for the price.

1

Super Phone....
Real 400 Snapdragon Qualcomm 
Super 8MP Camera Sec 2MP
Super Display HD+IPS
Nice Shape 
Better :- 
1.Spice
2.Micro max
3. Karbonn

1

Moto G2 really super phone. It looks awesome, Very fast access & good screen resolution.

1

Hardware and Performance taken from Nexus 4, and Looks inherited from Nexus 5. And be Inherited I mean no change in the UI, Screen Size / Appearance, or Sleekness, you would be forced to believe it is a Nexus 5 with a different back. Google and Motorola Mobility Deal has left an impression. Minor difference of weight (this phone is heavier) and Screen Sharpness / Colors. But seriously, you couldn't want everything in 13000 /- bucks when Nexus is selling at 28!! Totally worth its price..

1

used this phone for 5days ,everything is smooth ,camera is great, games work perfectly n stock android experience is awesum. just need a grip cover . :D JUST GO FOR MOTO. :D .TY FLIPKART.

1

Since by now everyone knows what specs this phone has, I won't pass your time making you read technical stuff. My hands on experience with the phone: 
1. First Impression is the Last Impression - The speed, the hand-feel and the buttery touch will make you smile the moment you switch it on. The big screen is indeed a wonderful update to the good ol' Moto G 1st Gen 
2. Setting you up - This phone configures/personalizes all your stuff within minutes. Google is indeed biased towards its product. 
3. Camera - I am a photographer, and trust me, though people may start comparing this phone with its immediate competitor Micromax Canvas Nitro (which has a 13 MP & 5 MP camera), I would say don't get wooed by megapixels. This phone's camera has a pretty decent sensor. 
4. Memory too less - Is it? Well, technically yes. 1 GB is definitely not a pro in this multitasking world. But for users like me out there, who love to spend time more on social media, news, comics, magazines and other similar things, this phone will not disappoint you. 
5. Battery - A small problem indeed since now you have a powerful screen to touch with the same 1st Gen battery. However, with the right apps and usage (and I don't mean you won't play games or not browse the internet), you can pretty much make it last for 24 odd hours. 
6. Storage - Looks pretty decent to me. I am never going to cross 48 GB (16 GB + 32 GB MicroSD) anyway. 
7. Size, bulkiness, weight - This is a very light, slim and easily-comes-in-the-pocket phone. I have short fingers, so I got to use both hands for operation. 
8. EDGE/Wi-Fi - Can't really update you on 3G, but EDGE and Wi-Fi experience has been good so far. 
I got it on 9th September. Still a new user, and hence will keep sharing my experiences here in the days to come. However, I would strongly suggest you to buy this over any other phone in this range.

1

Don't think that this phone can't perform just because it has only a gig of RAM, Moto G (2nd gen) ran Modern Combat 4 on amazing graphics without any lag!! I'm so happy with my choice. 
Build quality is awesome, camera is superb, sound output is loud enough... :) 
Doesn't support 'Cast Screen' though, although only 1 out of 100 will need that feature.

1

Best thing which I can get in this much price having all sort of features as compared to other brand phones. 
This is what I can say "Value For Money".

1

Dear All, 
This is my consecutive second mobile from flipkart after the previous Moto G. First of all thanks to Flipkart and Team, the delivery is the best and incompatible. Coming to the specifications of the Moto G 2nd Generation: 
1.The box contains accessories like the charger and the headphones (not worth it). Use headphones like Sony, JBL, etc, the music is really superb. The charger is not a USB mounted charger. So please ensure to have your own USB cable for data transfer. 
2.The phone is very slim compared to the earlier Moto G and it is very light in weight when thinking of any other 5" smartphone. 
3.The looks and design of the phone are worth appreciating. The Clear Black Body with the Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and the Black Matt finish at the bottom, feels to keep it in hand for hours and hours. The resolution of the screen is HD.  
4.The display of the phone is very crisp and sharp, the wide angle display is also good. the pixel density is 294 ppi.  
5.The phone has 2 speakers, on the front and the output of the sound is very loud and clear. The sound is very high when compared to the sound of the previous version of Moto G.  
6.And now the most awaited moment for all the Moto G 2nd Generation buyers, the Motorola team has come up with a variant launched in India, having 16gb internal memory and expandable memory slot upto 32 gb. 
7.The camera quality is way way way way way way .... better than the previous version of the Moto G. The 8 mp quality is really good in the natural light and above average in the indoors. The front facing camera is decent with a 2 mp. The video resolution is HD.  
8.The advantage of buying this phone is that the Google has already announced that it would be having the next Android Update of LOLLIPOP, Android L for this phone. It comes with the Kitkat version of 4.4.4 and with no pre-loaded apps like the other smart phones other than two security applications of Motorola. 
9. The processor is an improved version compared to the previous version, it comes with a Snapdragon 400 chipset and a quad core 1.2 Ghz. The phone does not lag playing the games like asphalt 8, Dead Trigger, Nova 3 etc. There is no extreme heating when playing these high graphic games. The phone gets little warm, which normally would happen. 
10.It has a led notification light for all the notification lovers, 
11.The disappointment comes when the battery is considered, the battery is same 2070 mah, which should had been at least 2500 to 2700 mah. The only cons of this phone, but as far as an android phone is concerned, we all travel with our chargers and power banks. So its not a big concern. 
12.All people concerned about the care centers for Motorola, it has got its centers in all most all states 
So, overall I would conclude, the best priced phone for a STOCK Android phone along with the delivery of the Flipkart makes it a SURE SHOT BUY. 
Thank you Google and Motorola.... and Flipkart ...

1

Got the Delivery the next day....All the features are working as expected. 
1 dissatisfaction is data cable is not provided with the phone....other wise it is 
Simply Superb!!!

1

- service: Flipkart did a good job, got the phone in a day. Thank you.
 About the product (no specs)
- speakers: They have provided 2 speakers but the sound isnt great or twice as loud. you will have to keep your hands to the side instead of back for better sound.
- battery: Battery is hmm just about ok, they should have increased the battery capacity considering its a 5 inch phone.
- screen: 5 inch makes sense as it doesnt have dedicated buttons and stock android has the buttons on the screen using some space of its own.
- look and feel: great. feels lighter than older moto g. back panel is richer in quality. overall a pretty good looking device. hope its as sturdy as appears.
- accessories : headphones/charger. for the price they are ok.
- storage: and as my title.. am super happy with the huge storage capacity (internal + plus sd). 
- no lag whatsoever also am happy with the boot up time. 
- rear camera is good for a mid range mobile phone. front camera exceeds expectation, definitely good for video calls.
final comment: super phone.

1

very nice smart phone under 14k.
1. Larger screen: The new Moto G looks almost the same as the old one, but has a slightly bigger screen. The new model has a display larger than the old model by 0.5 inches but with the same screen resolution. The 5-inch 720p display on the new Moto G produces good colours and has satisfactory viewing angles. The larger screen with the same screen resolution means a lower pixel density, but practically, there is little difference for a naked eye to notice.
2. Improved cameras: The Moto G (2nd generation) comes with enhanced cameras. The megapixel count on the new Moto G has been upped from 5 megapixel to 8 megapixel for the primary camera, and 1.3 to 2 megapixel for the front camera. I remember telling people in review of the original Moto G earlier this year that the front camera is okay only for video calling, but not for selfies. But now Motorola has filled that gap with the new model.
3. Additional storage: A significant improvement in the second-gen Moto G is that it offers expandable storage. The addition of a microSD card slot in the second-gen Moto G indicates that Motorola took the feedback seriously. The original Moto G was criticised for not offering additional storage. The company recommends to use a microSD card of not more than 32GB.
4. Dual speakers: Unlike the old Moto G that came with a speaker grill at the back, the new Moto G has dual speakers at the front that produce fairly loud sound in a normal room environment. However, in a noisy atmosphere, it may not sound as powerful. But with earphones plugged in, the phone produces excellent audio results.
5. Cheaper: Motorola in its new Moto G has upped the specs on many fronts, but what it has not increased is its price - in fact, the phone gets slightly cheaper. The new and improved Moto G (16GB) comes at a price of Rs 12,999, which is Rs 1000 cheaper than its predecessor. (The company has not yet launched the 8GB varaint of the new Moto G.)

1

A decent phone which ticks all the right boxes, I am giving it 5 start because it does which it is suppose to does. But it does pale in comparison to Xiaomi Mi3, but you need to be very-very lucky to get hands on to Mi3 and moreover it is not available right now too. So if anyone who needs a phone under Rs.15000/- can go for it.  
Voice clarity is good while on call, speaker voice is good and clear, phone is fast and moreover now you can install SD card in it too.  
But I am still waiting for the launch day offer gift email from flipkart. Do not know when they will conduct the draw and when I will be able to avail offer of 50% discount of Moto G accessories.

1

Hi All, 
I wanted to quickly call out two of the features that made me buy this phone and after using it, i dont feel let down.  
The camera is really good for an 8mp, it brightens the area you focus on and the video recording is very crisp. You will not be disappointed with regard to the camera. 
Impressive storage capacity 16gb built-in and i am using a 32gb card, it just seems to feasable i can use it as a storage media and move files since i have extra space. 
However i am disappointed that we do not receive a data cable with the phone.

1

Cut your coat according to your cloth...but still get more than what you have thought !!! 
When imagination and expectation perfectly matches reality...welcome Moto G2...its a dream come true!!! 
If smart phones can't offer basic features like wider screen , expandable memory through microSD, FM , Stereo speakers , pure Vanilla flavour of Android with smooth buttery performance and latest firmware upgrade and still cost up to 30-50k... 
These basic features have become a necessity and not just a luxury or something to just brag about unnecessarily. 
But if the same is available at economical price without compromising on the premium finish looks..then u know you have made the right decision. 
Rather Motorola has made it much simpler by adding more features to Moto G (1st gen) and reducing price of 2nd gen phone by 1000 bucks. 
My previous smartfone costed me 23k and I retained it for 2 yrs 8 mnths and ever since I bought it, I have been using Android 2.3- Not a single firmware upgrade I received!! Which was bad !!! 
From the past 1 yr I have been looking to buy a much matured smartfone and that too @ economical price. 
Finally the wait is over !!! 
Screen width is better compared to Moto G (1st gen) and matches that of Nexus 4, Moto X, Samsung Galaxy S4, and Samsung Grande Duos.
So feel good abt it. 
I wish the in-box accessories also contained a data cable- with USB charging adapter instead of just a single piece of charger. 
Overall I would say full satisfaction with the product.... 100 out of 100.

1

Excellent camera, excellent pic/Video quality, Sound quality excellent.
Excellent performance 
High configuration and Low price
Latest OS Android 4.4.4 
Changer(No USB Cable)
Headset is not looking goo

1

I liked all the spec's(color saturation, performance, camera) of the phone except the battery which is average.
On normal use it get discharge within a day.
And it's charging also takes a lot of time. 
On the Flipkart side- packaging was fine and was delivered within expected time.

1

i use this product and i am satisfied with this product.flipkart service is good.its feature is excellent.you buy this product enjoy.

-1

Mene My Moto G (2nd Gen) Monday 8th September ko receive kya tha. I show in flipkart phone review is good but I have received defective Piece. Mere Moto G me screen problem tha. Jab screen ho tab Moto G ke screen left part me white color white color ka half cm line dikh raha he. Jo phone ka look kharab kar raha he. 
that same day 8th Sep, night mene flipkart se order Return ke liye request kya but now 10th Sep, mene flipkart me mane aab tak 4 customer care call kiye he par retrun/replace me koi process nahi ho raha he 
Flipkart guaranty deta he product time se deliver karne ki but replace ke time support nahi kar raha he, It's minus point for Flipkart.  
or flipkart product replace ke liya kahete ha "We will contact you within 2 days to clarify your request." 
Flipkart is good for courier service but not return/replace service.

1

Dear All, 
The phone which i ordered but had to wait for so long (almost 3 days to receive) even though ordered at 12.06 AM in midnight, but it was worth the wait. 
The phone specifications given are exactly whats being said and it really amazes the way it is. 
I wont say the Price is cheaper compared to the quality of the product. It is reasonably priced with the quality of the phone is. 
The Pros:
1) 5 inch Screen which is very easy to handle and it is really needed with today's usage of bigger screen, also the screen is Corning Gorilla Glass, which is essential in todays rough treatments with our Phones....lol..
2) Phones Camera (8 MP as primary and 2 MP as Front for Selfie), it shoots really awesome pics with good resolution of 1280 X 720 and also the Video as well. Front camera works really great with better and brighter pics.
3) Speakers, Dual speakers works really great. The sound is crispy and loud from both the speakers and when used the headset really good and entertaining which will keep you busy listening to music for hours.
4) Light Weight of the phone makes it really easy to handle and its really compact and easy to use with one hand operation (of course u cant play games using one hand) but yes.
5) Dual Sim slot, and very big addition of this phone is its Memory Card expansion slot, which is like a BOON to these category of models of phone with Premium Brands.
6) Better phone in compact size compared to other 4.7 inch screen phone also against its predecessor models of Moto G and Moto X. 
The Cons:
1) Biggest and Baddest Con if i say is its Battery Usage, its really a Power Greedy phone (The reason power greedy because last night i charged the phone with 80% and went to sleep keeping the phone beside me, and in the morning when i woke up and saw the battery level is showed me 10% remaining (i slept for almost 6 1/2 hours) so you can imagine the consumption of power is made in those unused hours in the night.
2) The Headset model provided with the phone are really obsolete ones. Everybody wants those noise cancellation with ear buds Headsets. Its really a cheap move made in Motorola quality (well we are even priced likewise), anyone can buy a new separate headsets with those noise cancellation ear buds and which will cost you around 1000 bucks, well it can be compromised.
3) Hmmm....(thinking).........will get back once i find another one...... 
BUT overall a good phone to buy for those budget conscious people out there.
The wait was worth it and i am really satisfied with the product if i compare it with the price i paid.. 
Enjoy the phone....somethings can be compromised as no phone is perfect and every phone has their own drawbacks but....its good.....

-1

Device has stopped responding after 2 months. It went into a boot loop. There is a solution but the problem shouldnt have arised in the first place because I have used the mobile only carefully, so much so that I havent even dropped it down even once. Disappointed. Editing my rating from 5 to 0. Below was my initial review when I bought it. 
I have been using a phone which was costlier with less features. I can certainly feel the difference. This review is after a days use.
1. Looks: Stylish. The front cover ruins the style. I feel like removing it. Apart from that, the finishing is good. Reasonable weight. The speaker protrusions look ugly. Those could have been in the sides. 4.5/5
2. Screen: Looks good. Gorilla alright. Feather touch sensitive. Not sure why Google increased half an inch. I liked Moto G for this. 4.5/5
3. Usability, memory management: No problems so far. With facebook, facebook messenger, chrome, google plus, hangouts, angry birds etc running, I still have 300mb free memory.
4. Audio: Sound is good. Quality not deserving a 5 star rating because I hear some grains. 4.5/5
5. Video: Expected Full hd videos to lag. But they played just fine. 5/5
6. OS: I miss a smaller font and a better resolution. But a better resolution and a better battery would make it Moto X.
Google Now is awesome. But have to open it and click the record button to record voice. But voice recognition is amazing. No FM recording or call recording. 4.3/5
Battery performance: Practice every conservation methods like reducing brightness, turn off wifi/data when not in use, motorola assist, and you should be fine for 20-24 hours.
Camera: Back cam is superb! So is the front. Misses photo modes.
Packaging: Small neat package. An earphone, a charger inside. They could have given a free back cover and a cleaning cloth IMO. 
Altogether, Job well done by Google.

1

Damn good mobile with good features in a very reasonable price. 
Loud & Clear sound.
Android 4.4.4 with sure upgrade to Android L.
Moto + Google = Cool Combination..
I wish there cud be a chance to upgrade the RAM even.. 
Product delivered in time.

1

Its been 3 days with this beauty and seriously guys this phone is awesome. I had doubt on its battry performance but even after using for whole day with heavy usage it last for whole day.  
Pros:
Camera: Excellent 
Body: build is very good and that two speaker in front gives you a very nice look.
Performance: As there is no change in Processor and ram, speed is similar to Moto g . This is already trademark as excellent :)
Display: Quality is very good, tried watching some HD movies and its excellent.
SD Card: I have put 32 GB card which is 26 GB full and thought that performance will be reduced but it is running very smooth.  
Cons: 
Inbuilt headphone is not up to the mark. Motorola should work on its accessories.  
Overall its a very very good product at this price. Go for it

1

great cell, got an early delivery from flipkart as usual.
about the phone:
huge 5inch screen looks great even in sunlight, difficult to hold if u have small hands :P difficult to navigate
great touch screen very sensitive crisp colors.
built quality is great ...... sturdy slim,
button position is nice but difficult to press power button and volume rocker as keys are too thin and hard, i think it will improve over time after spending some time with it.
sound from 2 front stereo speakers is decent (tried on hd youtube videos) headphones sound is nice for those who love clear and loud sound (tried on bose oe2) can be improved by adding some good music players for bass lovers
 os is nice clean and fast gives u a complete nexus experience 
stock headphones and charger are not good, charger is of just 550mah so takes time to charge 
battery life is good worked for 1.5 day with mixed usage.
no usb cable provided so u need to buy 1 
rear cam is nice but front cam didnt impress me after using nexus5.
fast to respond for google now service(needs to be added externally)
hope this review helps

1

I ordered this product on the launch day and got it the other day. Though I paid 90 bucks extra but it was worth it. Flipkart you guys rock really. 
Coming on the product, After using it for 3 days, I can say that you wont get better phone with a brand name and quality within this price range or even 4-5k more than this price. The camera is awesome, display is crisp with no pixelation even when you put your eyes nearer to the screen. Front speakers are just excellent, No heating problem, no lagging, nice hold and design. Become a fan of Moto. Welcome back. :)

1

This is a very nice phone to use. Some of its main advantages are: 
1) The phone is really good and looks decent enough. 
2) It is fast for the hardware used in the phone credited to the stock android
3) It is very light weight and handy and the back panel is really really good. 
4) The back Panel is so good that you don't want to keep it down.
5) The screen is bright enough and the picture quality and sound quality is very decent 
The drawback with this phone are:
1) Poor battery backup 
2) Stock accessories supplied with the phone. 
3) The earphones are normal earphones and are not comfortable to use. 
4) The charger is useless. It short circuited my entire house when I plugged it in for the first time because it was too lose to fit in a normal sized power socket. 
5) Next it is extremely slow to charge the phone took nearly 6 hours to completely charge it from 11%. 
6) Finally don't touch the charger after charging for 2 hours or so. You might burn your fingers its that hot.

1

Good awesome phone, but I like to highlight the negative points only
1. Internal memory was mentioned as 16 GB but when I checked it is 11.9 GB out of 12.7 GB
2. When I start using internet for 1 Hr, I can feel the heat produced by the Phone, bit worried about it.
 Rest of all the phone is good.

-1

I ordered a motorola g ( 2nd generation )phone from flipkart which was dilivered to me on 9th sept,14. but i received it in damaged condition. i spoke to flipkart customer support regarding this concern so many times via e mail as well as there toll free No. but even after lodging complaint so many times i didn't got any response from their side..

1

I Bought Moto g (2nd gen) on the the first sale day and in just 6 hours i received the product.
Thanks to Flipkart. 
Nice: It looks very stylish.
 Camera is Excellent
 Runs very smooth.
 Premium buit. Thin, and u have to hold it in ur hand to feel it.. just awesome..
 2 Stereo speakers out in front.. provides cristal clear sound without any distortion at max volume..
 Attention Grabbing look. seriously. Expecially the black one.. 
Avg: Battery in ok. 
 I recomend this phone for everyone who need a budget phone from a great company.. Dont go for the chinese over this..

1

Hello guys,  
Got my motog (2nd Gen) Phone, a bit disappointed with delivery service provided by flipkart as the delivery person was not aware of the address and had asked me to go to him and collect the phone. 
Coming to the Phone, Here are the pros 
1)The best best phone when it comes to performance, works like butter, already downloaded 7GB of games on the phone but still works as fast as lighting.
No slugging while playing games like Asphalt 8, Real Racing3, Robocop, Iron Man 3, Front line 2. 
2)The rear camera is cool, captures the detailing with the focus option, front is great for selfless. 
3) Sound quality is awesome with its full stereo sound, feels great while playing games and watching videos with out the head fones. 
4) Display quality, having a 5inch display gives you more detailing with the videos and games with a sharp display. 
Cons: There are no cons in the Phone but in the accessories. 
1) The head fone could have been a bit better.
2) The charger heats up very fast while charging the phone. 
My rating will be 5 for 5 .
Guys this Phone is a value for money, buy it before the stocks are out.;)

1

I was obsessed to buy this phone.. not this one, but the old moto G. When I went to buy it, it was out of stock.. then I heard 2nd gen is coming.. Booked it on the 6th at midnight and got delivered on 9th (due to holidays and the craphole iam living in). Great effort from flipkart, and about phone,.. You wont get a descent phone with all these features from a reliable company at this rate.. MOTO is a trust. Thats what it makes different from other chinese or Indian manufactures.  
Phone is excellent. 5'' display above the 4.5'' of moto g. slightly lower ppi. but u wont recognize with ur naked eyes. CRISP, SHARP and Vibrat but not oversaturated..  
Premium buit. Thin, and u have to hold it in ur hand to feel it.. just awesome.. 
2 Stereo speakers out in front.. provides cristal clear sound without any distortion at max volume.. 
Attention Grabbing look. seriously. Expecially the black one.. 
The only problem was I felt was The Charger provided in the pack is crap. earphone is OK, but not in-ear. Battery backup is kind of low.. but lasts a day for me without any problem in normal usage.. CAM is ok.. 8mp cam provides descent clarity images..which also suports panorama, HDR, and 1080p video and slowmotion.. 
I recomend this phone for everyone who need a budget phone from a great company.. Dont go for the chinese over this.. they wont last long and u will regret later.. (happend to me)

1

I had purchased Asus Zenfone 5 few days back and I used it for 5 days. I liked the mobile, but suddenly one day the speakers stopped working and I had to return the product. Flipkart has refunded me the entire amount. But my misfortune, that particular model is out of stock in Flipkart. So I waited for almost one week and Moto G 2nd Gen launched on the last Saturday. Without any doubt I ordered it on the first day and as always Flipkart delivered it to me within no time.  
So regarding the service of Flipkart, its always 5/5.  
Now coming back to Moto G, awesome phone. The first look itself is stunning, great finish and very much handy. Although the screen size is 5 inch, it doesn't feel big on your hands. The build quality is excellent. The looks are better than Asus Zenfone 5.  
As of now I have installed most of the apps that I use frequently and the phone is not lagging. The screen is ultra clear. The camera is good. 8MP is providing a good clarity and even the front cam too. The battery back up is pretty good. Infact the battery backup is far better than Asus Zenfone 5. 
The front speakers are a great advantage on the new Moto G. Its loud and clear. The signal strength and wifi capturing is better compared to Zenfone 5.  
So I dont regret now. Moto G 2nd Gen is far better than Asus Zenfone 5. Although the Asus UI is better. But Moto G is already updated to latest KitKat version. (preinstalled)  
The dual sim functionality is good and the micro sd card slot is definitely a breakthrough compared to the Moto G 1st Gen.  
Overall I will give 5 out of 5 for the new Moto G.

1

This 2nd Generation~Moto G is really a worthy successor of Moto G(old)..
with a micro SD card slot, beautiful 5" inch display, more pixel density and 8MP camera ..
Design is also fabulous... 
Some hours ago, I was actually thinking to buy Xperia T2 ultra or HTC 816,as my preferences were:
1. More than 5" screen..
2. Good camera with flash, with secondary camera..
3. Dual sim..
4. Nice touch and HD display..
5. Durability, good battery backup and cutting-edge technology..
and last but not the least, 
6. Brand value and good service support.. 
Though I intended not to exceed my budget more than 20k, because for me its no use to spend more than 20k only over a phone.. 
That's why I was in a great dillema..!! 
Here, Moto-G(old) was already a blip-blip sensation to me, because of its great performance and pocket-friendly price, but the two main cons were: 
1. No external sd card support
2. Small screen 
And see, in the 2nd generation phone, these two drawbacks have been totally eradicated.. You can never expect this kind of features in this budgets actually.... 
Hence, why to wait for?
See me... As soon as I had seen the advertisement, I booked it instantly without thinking of a second.... :) :)  
CONS:
Actually I haven't found any con's in the device so far >>
1. Camera is good at day time but not so premium at low lights..
2. Battery performance is not out of the world..
3. The supplied head-phone is a so-so typed.. 
Mmm, that's all.. Actually there's no any defects I have found yet..!!!
Indeed, the smartphone is Double worthy for the money.
I will say, just get it without any hesitation.. Really its very nice of this price.. 
Anyways, I will keep posting my experience with the device in the coming weeks.. 
And yeah, Flipkart again proved that he's the best....
Have placed the order just yesterday evening and received by 10am PM today! 
Imagine..!! Just within 15 hrs, I got my product..
Really, FK makes the impossible possible...
Amazing..!!! 
*kudos*

1

The best mid range android phone so far. S5 mini also features the same features except an enhanced RAM, but priced above 25K initially where it is 12999 only. Nothing to say more about its features as already several hundreds of posts are displayed, but I would like to comment that if this mobile would have come with a data cable then it could be ultimate. Otherwise sound, movie, call voice quality, are really fabulous

1

Thankyou Flipkart. Got it in 3 days only. 
Really nice phone better than previous Moto G models. Awesome graphics, resolution is very good. Fast processor. 1 GB RAM is sufficient for those who do not believe in many apps, but for apps lovers this might be somewhat slow. 
In only 13000/- phone is really awesome. camera quality is really 8MP. very clean and sharp. 
Must Buy.

1

Simply awesome....what a phone!! I am here to give you my experience of using it...coz I have already tested it in different conditions. My views are as follows-
1. Design- Outstanding look..with a sleek back cover and it is easy to hold in both hands( one or both). You must fill that it worth far than it's original price. I prefer the black one..coz it looks fabulous with such a big screen.
2. Performance- Actually I am searching a phone which have the capability of doing multitasking with smoothness and I bet you that till now it has all those which will give you a proper satisfaction.
3. Camera- I must say that it is the thing which makes me WONDER..because I heard reviews before I order. So I knew that it has a very optimized and cool camera with flash. I found it so easy because you can simply click on anywhere on the screen to capture photos. I have also testes the it with flash and I saw that it is very good.
4. Sound- Moto G2 has dual speakers in FRONT which will give you a fabulous soothing experience. While you play any game,videos the sound will not be pampered by your hand.
5. Others- It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor which give you a lagfree experience of playing games and doing multitasking. I installed Asphalt 8 and my experience was superb.
Thank you Flipkart and Motorola for delivering and making me happy. :)

1

Kudos to Flipkart on delivering the phone in 24 hours. 
After using phone for couple of days I can say that this is a phone worth buying.
5 inch screen, expandable memory, dual front speakers, 8MP rear camera and 2 MP front camera surely put this in one of the top contenders in Mid range android phone Market. 
The issue which I have experienced so far is with the battery. It drains out much faster than the previous version and other android phone in this range. If it could have been a bit better this could have been easily a sensation in android phone market.
The other which I could highlight is, it dint come with a data cable but that something I think we can live with. 
Overall,If you can live with the battery issue this phone is worth every single penny.

1

Moto G: Better battery life...brighter LED flash..Brighter Screen when put in automatic mode..Camera flash doesnt get stuck like G2 
Moto G2: Better Music..wider screen

-1

I ordered the phone on the very first day and received it yesterday. For the first time i got a worst packaging from flipkart i.e., a phone packed in a cover. Which they generally used to pack in a box. secondly, the product i received is a defective one. The phone dint even switch on. Highly disappointed in buying phones online especially from flipkart. I have never faced any problem from different products brought on flipkart except phones. I have asked for a replacement and they asked me to wait for a call from customer service department which is not required for a phone that is not switched on.
Now today they have initiated the replacement. Let us see how the replaced piece will be. 
I will give a further update on this after i receive the replacement. Until, then one star for poor packing and faulty phone.

1

previously used Samsung galaxy grand though there were minimal problems I faced with it when I 1st saw this phone specs I just fixed my mind blindly to go up with this mobile.. seriously satisfied with the every aspect of mobile!! 
felt like there would have been a better battery performance not 2070mah though anything more than that would do the thing actually.
but for the price you pay this is the best product anyone could get..no lags, no issues and no complaints just go for it!! in love with android!!
thankuu moto :))

1

Google owned Motorola, is the only company which increases the specs, yet, decreases the price by a thousand rupees. Also, it is the only company which doesn't add lame prefixes and suffixes beside the names of their phones to show the so called 'update of specs'.
Pros:
1. The biggest improvement is the build quality of the phone. 
I'm blown away by the beauty of this 5-inch "smart"phone! It looks even better than many of the 20-25k phones, which I totally didn't expect! 
2. The battery life (amazingly) lasts more than 'a day and a half' upon moderate usage!
3. The camera is beautiful as well and has lovely settings. 
No cons as of now..the phone is just flawless! (which is exactly what we can expect from Google)
It is worth every paisa which you pay. Don't wait for shitty invites or so called 'stock' of other brands to arrive. GO FOR IT!

1

Just got this phone. First, Packaging was good. Flipkart delivered this phone to me in 3 days.
The Phone looks quite big. bigger than moto g. ofcourse it has 5inch display. Accessories included Charger And Earphones. Earphones looks quite cheap. The quality of sound is not that good also. they look like some 300rs cheap earphones Except that the phone looks very stylish and feels very comfortable in hands. 
Pros:
1. It looks very good, display is very nice, bright and bit high saturated colours looks great. Videos looks amazing. As the display is of 5 inches, youtube videos looks great and websites show complete content, you dont have to scroll up and down too much. 
2. I have noticed that speakers are quite improved from older moto g, voice is very loud and crisp, voice doesnt get crack even if you play a high pitched noisy video on full volume. sound is very stable. 
3. It comes with 4.4 kitkat preinstalled. each and every application runs very smoothly even if you have many application running in the background, it doesnt even show 1% lag in scrolling or running any app. I downloaded asphalt 8 in this phone and it runs very very smoothly. 
4. Camera on this device is of 8 megapixel. and secondary camera is of 2 megapixel, i must say both the cameras works brilliantly. Hdr mode really works good. i have made a skype call to my friend and outgoing video was really good as my frnd told. i have took many selfies which are quite good looking and doesnt show any lack of quality. 
5. Voice calls were very clear and sharp. the audio quality was very good and noise reduction works seemlessly. The people with whom you are talking to can hear you clearly in a noisy environment. 
6. Again the main advantage in this new moto g is sd card support, which is amazing. you can use the whole internal memory of phone for installing games and applications and your videos and audio files can be stored in sd card which is ofcourse a great advantage. 
7. I have charged this phone 4-5 times till now and it doesnt get heated up. it stays cool even if you play games along with charging. Although it is not suggested to run heavy applications with charging, but who cares lol. 
CONS:
1. At first i would say, motorola should consider that the earphones that they are giving with this phone should be good as the headphones are not good, and the sound quality of earphones are not good at all.
2. As soon i turned this phone on, i have connected the device with my wifi to check for software updates n more but whenever i check for updates it says. "Cant check for updates right now, Try later" I think there must be some server error of anything.
Thats it. i couldnt find anything more as a drawback of a negative point to my experience. 
So, i would say the phone is really good. looks smart, stylish with great performance and all the new features. Motorola guarantees the update of L android platform which will be released by google in future.

1

this is my first review of any phone ever. i will come straight to the point. if someone want to invest 15000 on a phone and whose parents saying ki beta ye ab last phone hi tera to bhyi moto g 2nd gen is the best to buy. 
how it is best? the answer to this is :
1. best built quality you will get in this phone.
2. best android experience at a very good budget.
3. whatever updates launches, it will get it lightning fast.
4. easily understandable.
5. the combination of quadcore 1 gb ram and now 720p with 5 inch screen is the best.
6. some people must be wondering of pixelation, but there is no such thing.
7. camera quality is LAJAWAB of both front and rear camera.
8. and the best part is easy one hand use.
9. the surround sound gives a better quality to the multimedia experience.
10. last but not the least is a good flipkart delivery service. 
so whoever wants to buy a phone under 15000 must buy moto g 2nd gen. its the best quality phone ever you will get.

1

I ordered the phone within minutes of it launching at 12:00 AM on 6th Sept and paid for a 1 day delivery. Received the phone on 7th Sept as promised. Great service by Flipkart!!!!! 
Haven't had a long experimentation with the device however, the Phone handles really well. Primary camera is great, infact better than my digital camera. 
The phone feels and fits really good in the hands. It seems lighter than the 149 gms that the specs mention. 
I had a little difficulty in removing the back cover for the first time. Thought it would break if i applied any more strength to it. However the user manual that came along helped. In fact they do mention in the manual to be generous in applying a little pressure.  
Moto G2 uses a micro sim, so I had to cut my existing mini sim in order to use it in the phone. 
Overall a great experience so far with the phone and Flipkart.

1

Its the best gadget to have. No other brand can provide a phone with this many feature with in 13k. 
Pure android with google support makes it performance vry impressive. 
Its all about phone above, above that i hv got 5 offers from flipkart which is mind blowing. 
It makes me feel like i have bought a mobile of 5 k.

1

One of the Best Budget phone on the market. 
Received on Sunday morning. 
- Interface is very smooth.
- Angry birds and Subway Surfer was smooth (Didn't try any other game).
- Applications have smooth loading no lag found.
- Multi tasking is good with FEW apps.
- Chrome works like charm . very fast.
- Camera is good with HDR on.
- Front camera 720p recording.
- Single color notification LED.
- USB OTG works perfectly.
- Sound via headphone is loud( I use Samsung galaxy S2 which is not that loud compared to this with the same headphone) 
- Stereo speakers are good while watching videos in you tube or film from pen drive.
- Up gradable to android L is the best one to expect.

1

I am not expert in using smart phone (but i am aware what issues faced by others) all these days, but after using Moto G (2nd Gen) tells me i have chosen the right product and that too in the right time. 
The Moto G (2nd Gen) has everything what needs to be part of the actual "SMART" phone. 
Good feeling, Good navigation, Superb screen display, Awesome sound quality, good screen size, fast processing of apps, etc., 
I love the service from Flipkart.com , as they delivered next day although i have selected standard delivery. 
Now i am happy to part of Moto(rola) family :)

1

Got this product delivered yesterday and m just loving every second I spend with this beast.
The camera quality is superb and so is the sound quality. The 5" display is vivid and the touch is very responsive. The audio output is quite impressive.
Just one thing this phone lacks is good battery backup. Rest everything is worth every penny u'll spend on it. Go for it!!

1

Got the order delivered in 24hours to hyderabad. 
Impressions:
1. Performance is pretty good.
2. Stereo sound is a great value.
3. Expansion option is the key missing thing in previous gen which is addressed now. 
4. Tried watching a few Google Play movies, the experience is pretty good.
5. When you keep the WiFi and 3G off, the battery is pretty good. Tried charging 100% yesterday night and kept it aside with WiFi connectivity on, for a good 8 hours the battery went down to 65%. Charged it again in the morning and turned off the WiFi, checked that the charge is same after 1hr 30min. 
If you want to go with standard, this is the best in this price range.. If you are behind UI, this is not your piece, but you will definitely loose future OS updates if you don't opt for this.. 
Raghu

1

I could not believe when i received the call from flipkart on sunday afternoon, delivering MOTO-G second gen with in 24 Hours after ordering and that tooo with standard delivery... Amazing service and fantastic product.. value for money...

1

Amazing smartphone from Motorola, that too just at 13k! Finally upgraded from my Motorola Defy+, the experience on the Moto G is much more fluid than on my old phone. 
Pros:
1. The screen is sharp and even though it seems huge, its pretty compact for its size.
2. Everything runs smoothly and snappily. No lag whatsoever (so far).
3. The inclusion of a microSD card slot was a big plus for me, as i could transfer everything without even using Moto Migrate, which by itself is a great feature. 
4. Camera is a 8MP unit, but low light photos aren't very good. But hey, for this price point it's really great.
5. Another big plus is the bloat-free KitKat.
6. For those concerned about SAR, the SAR values for this phone are below the DoT recommendation. 
Cons:
Nothing so far, (hopefully) won't find any. One thing to mention is non-removable battery, but it's easy to live with. 
So the 2nd gen Moto G ticks all the boxes this time, I was really surprised to see the price of this phone.

1

The phone is really an enhancement to the earlier Moto G. I wanted to buy Moto G but was hesitating becoz it did not have a memory card option. I am glad I waited and bought this. 
This has an expandable storage plus a bigger screen plus a better camera. The phone looks good so far. 
Flipkart as always never disappointing with their products and deliveries. Thank you for making the online shopping experience so wonderful.

1

It's a amazing product in this range. Though there are others products like Micromax. xolo, lava n all are available as a competitor of this product but I feel this is best of all. It has snapdragon 400 quad core processor which separates this out from all other brands.
But there are few things which I didn't like personally and I feel I would have done better:
1. Battery: 2070 mAh compare to 2000 mAh battery in moto g.
2. Dual speaker : Bad idea, as it was destroying the look of set.
3. Front camera is 2MP comapre to 1.6 MP in Moto g. It could be improved too.  
Overall I would say, it is a worth buying product. I am rating it 4/5 becoz of battery.

1

Won't bore people with long reviews.no need to say much about it.very good phone just like moto g.specs are more than enough.the look has improved and is more like moto x.

1

Just go for it!! 
Flipkart delivered it lesser than the lead time, Packing i just loved it!!
About the phone - I have used Moto E and Moto G but Moto G2 looks better and for this price this is the best >> THE BEST in the market!! Great phone just loved it!!

1

3 and half stars to the mobile..... 
-1 star for the very bad battery backup & HIGH SAR VALUE
-0.5 star for the Camera and quality downgrade 
I own a Xiaomi Mi3 , Nexus 7, Spice dream Uno, I have used Galaxy Grand, Xperia ZL, Lumia 525, Canvas 2 colors, Sony LWW n MOTO E.. so I have fair amount of knowledge about these electronic Gadgets and I am a gadgets freak..... 
THIS REVIEW IS FOR A NEUTRAL PERSON WHO IS CONFUSED FOR WHICH MOBILE TO CHOSE between Moto g2, Zenfone 5 & Xiaomi 
PROS:
1) Its Moto
2) Screen is bright and vivid
3) Best stock android phone under Rs 15000
4) Camera in daylight
5) Nice grip and easy to hold
6) Speakers somewhat 
CONS:
1) Battery backup is way too bad compared to moto g 1st gen
2) Camera in night
3) Speakers give cracking noise at maximum volume level
4) Requires too much time for charging 
SCREEN : The screen is pretty nice one.. I like its vividness.. Seriously my Mi3 do not have that colour punchiness that this moto g have... No problems with the screen 
Performance:- 
CAMERA:- Never expected that bad quality from a 13k phone, my canvas 2 colors' 8mp camera was a lot better than this bullshit.. Zenfone 5 has better camera than this one.. The images appear blurry and lost focused.. 
GAMING:- This is the place where it hits the sweet spot.. It is lil bit better in gaming than Zenfone 5 but no way it could beat Xiaomi Mi3.. You can play any high end game on medium graphics setting without a lag but on high graphics setting it will tend to miss a frame or two.. 
SPEAKERS AND HEADSET:- These aare loud but while listening on the highest level of sound , they seem to be cracking a little bit.. So they are better than the competition at this price but not the best... And dont even dare to compare them with HTC's stereo speakers.. HTC's speakers are way too superior to those..
Headset output is good but here also nothing beats my Mi3...
(I own a sennheiser , skullcandy titan , Mi ear phones and Creative n sony ones..So I do have a little bit of knowledge and experience..) 
CALL CLARITY AND "SAR" VALUE:-
The call clarity is good but not excellent.. The best call clarity among the mobiles I used until now was from Galaxy Grand...
When I bought the phone, the SAR values mentioned on flipkart website were 0.55 and 1.01 W/Kg at body and head and suddenly after 2-3 days they changed them and increased the values on their product page.. And I was UNABLE TO LOCATE THE SAR VALUE ON THE BOX AS WELL AS PRODUCT, WHILE ITS MANDATORY FOR THE MANUFACTURERS TO MENTION THE SAR VALUE ON PRODUCT ITSELF ACCORDING TO INDIAN REGULATIONS..I am going to contact flipkart after finishing this review.. 
I bought that phone for my dad as my dad have strong affection for motorola... 
I feel that this is a DOWNGRADE to previous moto G in terms of the QUALITY. My 2-3 friends own gen 1 moto G and boy it feels way too superior to use than this cheap quality product.
I own Mi3 and now I understood that really XIAOMI is the best...Mi3 no way feels cheap like this phone.
FIRST TIME BUYERS WILL FIND MOTO G 2nd gen TO BE ON PAR, but ones who have habit of changing mobiles like me, will find this phone to be costly in terms of what it offers quality wise.. It should have been 11999 as compared to the competition. 
End result: 
Friends if you want a real smartphone experience then please wait for Mi4 or go for Zenfone 5 8gb so that you will save 3000 Rs and also will get more value for money.. And lastly, if you have a strong affection for Motorola brand, then only go with Moto G 2nd gen and I promise you after buying it one day you will regret your decision... 
UPDATE:- The BATTERY seems to be a major drawback.. My Mi3 lasts me a full day with heavy gaming and wifi and music and internet while with moderate use it lasts a day and half...REALLY XIAOMI THUMBS UP FOR YOU... But this moto G is just ridiculous.. 10% drop in each 25 min? are you kidding? With just 2g internet? What will happen on continuous gaming? I didn't dared to check it then as it requires around 4 hours to get charged as the charger supplied is of 550 mA capacity.. My advice , if you want quick charging, get in touch with moto support and ask them for use of higher capacity charger.. I am going to do it tomorrow.. Surely will post an update.. Thank you guys for reading..!!! 
Thank You for reading this.. Will update soon as per my experiences.. HIT THE LIKE BUTTON IF I HELPED YOU A LITTLE BIT....THANK YOU..

-1

Really unhappy that call recording in this mobile, Motorola should learn from Asus Zenfone. Flipkart people giving wrong info if ask this, they are telling it's possible! It's wrong!

-1

I bought MOTO G2..  
Advantages : 
Advantages are everything except the battery. 
Disadvantage :
1.) Poor Phone with worst speaker during the calls.
2.) battery
3.)battery
4.)battery (MOTO can stop selling this shit ) whether they have brain or not i don't know.. 
5-inch HD Screen
1 GB RAM
Android v4.4.4 (KitKat) OS
1.2 Ghz Qualcomm Quad Core Processor
8 MP Primary Camera and 2 MP Secondary Camera
294 ppi
how these all will satisfies 2070 mAh ????????????? though you using it or not battery will drain soon.

1

When you compare both phones Redmi1s has slightly better specifications then Moto G plus is almost half of its MRP. However why i chose moto g 2 was only because 
1)Moto G is owned by Google so software updates are a guarantee (the most important point) 
2)After sales service guarantee 
(If i buy a redmi 1s and if for some reason my phone stops working in 2 months..then Xiaomi which is very very new brand in India will surely have incompetent after sales service similar to Micromax.....as this is India after all and incompetent staff will always postpone things and give excuses whereas Motorola has been in India right since the Black and white phone days..

1

This phone is worthed its price. Don't compare this with Chineese Xiomi shit.
I have used both and am really much more saitisfied using moto G then compared to Xiomi mi3. 
By now I haven't found any cons in this phone at this price.
Full HD would have been a blessing for this though. 
Flipkart.com has discontinued Grip covers for tthis phone and this is really sad because I wanted to buy it along as I was getting 50% discount of covers. 
Rest everything is good.
Must buy if your budget is under 15K.

