-1

Initial review (8th September) - Extremely dissatisfied with this phone. The touch stops working momentarily. Sometimes I'm unable to drag the notification bar down or sometimes Chrome won't register any clicks but is able to scroll pages up and down. Tapping on the URL box won't open it up. Reboot seems the only solution to these issues.  
I've asked for a replacement piece. Lets see how the new phone performs. 
Update (12th September): After calling up flipkart every day for the last 3-4 days and listening to their standard response (we'll give you a callback within 24hrs or the end of the day), I finally got a call from their customer support team, asking me to remove the screen protector and also do a hard reset of the phone by holding the volume down and power key while the phone was powered down. That did get me to the bootloader screen, but I had to read other tutorials on the internet to wipe the data and cache partition from the recovery screen. After the phone enters the Recovery screen, you would need to hold the Volume up key for 10-15 seconds and then tap and release the power key. That'll bring up the wipe menu. 
Anyways, I did all that, and the phone worked perfectly for about half an hour, until I went to the PlayStore App to download Whatsapp, and I couldn't click on the 'Install' button. Tapping it would instead bring up the screenshots beneath the button. Then I tested pulling the notification bar down and lo and behold, it didn't work and was stuck. Tried locking the screen and unlocking, but that didn't solve the issue. It was still stuck and also I couldn't tap on the URL box on Chrome, so clearly it wasn't registering my taps like the way it should. 
Then called up Flipkart CC, recounted my woes again for almost the 6th time, and they finally agreed for a replacement, which is suppose to reach me by 9PM tomorrow. Had they been active and had themselves given me a call and offered a replacement, I wouldn't have had to call them multiple times.  
Now I can't figure out who I'm more disappointed with - Flipkart (for their crappy customer service) or Motorola (for their crappy phone). 
I'll wait for the replacement and see if that performs without any flaws. Not much hope left, as mostly all 1star reviews here are about touch issues. Will update my review accordingly.

-1

I am going to discuss some negative features of this phone
1. If you click 10-12 pictures with or without flash, the display or the back cover will become hot.
2. Battery performance is very bad. I charge 100% in the morning, by 7:00 PM in the evening 7-10% charge is left. That too without browsing any internet application.
3. The head set with this phone is not sized appropriately and does not fit in ear well. You can't use it for more than 5-10 minutes.

0

Hi Folks, 
I bought this phone and I am not satisfied with the phone.Here are the reasons  
Likes:
1.Screen resolution and size is up to mark
2.Performance is also very good
3.Cam clarity is Excellent
4.Sound experience is superb. 
Dislikes: 
1.The battery backup is not at all upto mark.
2.While I am charging my phone touch is not working properly.
3.I can't understand what to do the phone without USB cable.
4.My phone color is black and I got white colored headset.It looks awkward whn I wear headset.
5.Even Charger color also white.
6.

-1

Bakwass Battery Back up . The Battery Back Up Of this phone is worst . You must carry charger of the phone with you every time. It Sucks

-1

Call quality is really poor.And there is an annoying beep sound all the time when i attend my calls or listen to music.Phone is getting heated up if am using phone for more than 1/2 hr.I cant even use my phone for attending or receiving calls.This phone is not even providing the basic functionality of calling.Also there is heating issue if am using the camera continuously.

1

Pros :- 
1. Stereo Speaker (Not Loud but descent Sound in music)
2. 5 Inch usable size is 4.7 or 4.8 (Point 0.2 Inc is home back button shows)
3. Expandable SD card with 32 GB Internal Memory. Use Class 10 Memory card
4. Latest Android
5. Well Design and accurate Delivery by flip kart 
6. Headphone sound was average. and headphone color is white in Black color mobile
8. Charging time 3-4 hours (0% to 100% usable condition)
9. Working good and run smooth application.
10. HD Recording is good and camera is effective on dark room (no light) at 3.5 meter only and picture is good on Mobile flash light. 
Cons:-
1. Battery is less 2070 Mah. Only 12 hours runs after that charging is required.
2. Headphone wired is not too good.
3. Slow charging ( as i think)
4. File Manager not found on 4.4.4 kitkat (may be removed from Google Android OS) 
Note :- 100% charging after that talking time 90 miniutes, 20 Camera pic shoot, and 10 minutes video on 23 hours, 3G On, and 12 hours wifi used and 300 MB Data Download (software updation and install) after that battery shows 40 % remaining. 
Above Pros and Cons only on used this phone on 30 hours.

-1

There was no data cable provided along with the box , have to buy separately. While using 3g , it gets frozen and its not updating . Everytime you restart the phone all the app icons on the phone screen which is installed from the sd card will not show up . So you have to do it one more time manually.

-1

I ordered Moto G on the 29th of October. I was pleasantly surprised to receive it on the 30th of October with normal shipping. Full marks for the buying experience.
The performance was acceptable and all was well for 45 days. 
A chance drop of the phone from my shirt pocket on Dec 15 shattered the display glass.
The phone was working fine and just the 'gorilla' glass was cracked. 
Easy replacement? No chance.
A call to to the Motorola Call Center yielded a 7k Quote for complete display replacement.
7k to replace the glass(as far as I am concerned) on a 13k phone? 
I have decided to throw the phone and get another one (Not Moto). 
Why? coz im sure the glass will break the next time the phone drops and I cant afford to be shelling out 7k every other month 
The kicker is that Motorola offers a free one-time screen replacement for all phones ordered directly from its website. In India, the phone is sold exclusively through flipkart which effectively rules out the screen replacement offer. Talk about step motherly treatment.
So here's me saying Hi and Goodbye to the only Moto product I will ever own.

1

I have been using the motog2 version for over a month now..
I would give a review on the following points 
Display-Fairly good and no distortion in pixels observed even when the phone is held up close to the eye.it is also water resistant and with gorilla glass 3 no effect of scratches or drops i dropped it twice accidently bt nthng happened :) 
Battery backup-fairly good although it would last longer as the android l update would add juice to it.could have been better though. 
Multitasking-Good, can open a lot of apps on background although some heavy duty apps like asphalt 8 were observed to crash or restart which are common though.frankly I have not found a phone with zero app crashes. dont know if 2gb ram would have been better. 
Memory-This is where it kills everybody 16gb of storage with expandable storage of 32gb and an otg feature is a super memory u can carry around anywhere. 
Camera-shoots good photos,hdr, panorama, has a timer as well shoots 720p videos and slow motion videos as well and not 1080p as some other ppl mentioned. 
Software-pretty much stock android with no file explorer but u can always install third party apps which work seamlessly and the most important feature is that it will receive android l update any time soon which is a great feature as it comes with enhanced battery power and material design.plays 720p videos normally and can play 1080p with help of apps like mx player 
Sound-headphones are bad go for other headphones which give superior sound performance on the phone like sony or sennheiser i bought the later and sound quality on the motog2 dual stereo speakers is also loud so u can easily watch videos listen to songs and set loud alarms in the morning :)  
Overall-good phone good price established brand name go for it.

0

It Seems that during call the person on opposite side can hear my
voice but I cant hear him, this problem is since i have bought the
phone, 
I thought this is an ordinary problem but it's not, It happens many
times, The call doesn't work unless and until I restarts the phone,

