The glass is easily gets scratch near home button, just put it in pocket and took it off and the pocket was empty. better to go with 5s as it has same hardware and better screen and harder to brake

Got it last week. Got phone in one day even without a day delivery.
Awsum feeling. Just One word, go for it(if you have budget to do so)

I like Apple products but I have to say the iPhone 6 doesn't have much of the "Wow factor" anymore. Maybe due to its competition against more powerful android phones that are already out in the market way before its dayview. Overall the iPhone 6 is still a great phone. 
Pros
New design that's more comfortable to hold
bigger screen
improved camera 
Cons:
Reqires inconsistant 'Reachability' tool for one-handed use
camera slighty protrudes from the back case

iPhone hands on feeling was amazing. Everything is perfect with the phone and mobile is factory unlocked. Packing was perfect and delivery was in time. More than five stars for the seller if those are available.

i bought this phone from flipkart.delivery was gr8 .overall a great exprience.the phone is awesome .sleek ,fast and the best currently availaible in the market.

Here Idnt want to talk about Iphone bcz it was an epic all the time ,here the problem is with Ekart Services provided by flikart it was worst than worst

Pros:
Best Display with awesome viewing angles!
Speakers are a big improvement on iphone 5s!
Best size for a phone!
Solid,and doesnt bend at all :)
Battery life is not as good as adroid gaints like XPERIA z2 but its a goes thorugh a day easily and will not be problem if your phone sleep with you!

It is delivered to me next day, one day earlier then promised. Great product as per my expectation.

i have been using the iPhone ever since it came out in 2007, and i am really sorry to say that i am disappointed with the upsizing of the screen which have made the device unusable for single handed navigation of the phone without having to use your other hand, which in many cases is uncomfortable, a thing only people using iPhone till 5S would understand that how easy it used to be with iPhone 5.
Anyways, that's what i think, if you are an iPhone user for a long time you'll find it hard to use the phone and would get frustrated at first but you'll get the hang of it, specially with the tapping thing they did with the phone.

Replaced my Iphone 5s with New Iphone 6. This year again purchased my iphone from Flipkart & as always delivery was up-to the mark.  
Phone is Amazing, Super Fast, Light weight, sleek & dashing look.

